Yukos owner sues Russia for $28bn The majority owner of embattled Russian oil firm Yukos has sued the Russian government for $28.3bn (£15.2bn).	business
Minister hits out at Yukos sale Russia's renationalisation of its energy industry needs to be reversed, a senior government figure has warned.	business
Senior Fannie Mae bosses resign The two most senior executives at US mortgage giant Fannie Mae have resigned after accounting irregularities were uncovered at the company.	business
French boss to leave EADS The French co-head of European defence and aerospace group EADS Philippe Camus is to leave his post.	business
Russian oil merger excludes Yukos The merger of Russian gas giant Gazprom and oil firm Rosneft is to go ahead, but will not include Yugansk, which was controversially bought last year.	business
AstraZeneca hit by drug failure Shares in Anglo-Swedish drug have closed down 8% in UK trade after the failure of its Iressa drug in a major clinical trial.	business
Low-cost airlines hit Eurotunnel Channel Tunnel operator Eurotunnel has seen sales fall in the face of the upsurge in European low-cost airlines.	business
UK bank seals South Korean deal UK-based bank Standard Chartered said it would spend $3.3bn (£1.8bn) to buy one of South Korea's main retail banks.	business
J&J agrees $25bn Guidant deal Pharmaceutical giant Johnson & Johnson has agreed to buy medical technology firm Guidant for $25.4bn (£13bn).	business
French consumer spending rising French consumers increased their spending by 1.5% in January, a figure which bodes well for the country's economic growth, figures revealed.	business
Yukos accused of lying to court Russian oil firm Yukos lied to a US court in an attempt to stop the Russian government selling off its key production unit, the court has heard.	business
Ukraine trims privatisation check Ukraine is to review "dozens" of state asset sales as the country's new administration tackles corruption.	business
BT offers equal access to rivals BT has moved to pre-empt a possible break-up of its business by offering to cut wholesale broadband prices and open its network to rivals.	business
Tate & Lyle boss bags top award Tate & Lyle's chief executive has been named European Businessman of the Year by a leading business magazine.	business
Yukos heading back to US courts Russian oil and gas company Yukos is due in a US court on Thursday as it continues to fight for its survival.	business
Train strike grips Buenos Aires A strike on the Buenos Aires underground has caused traffic chaos and large queues at bus stops in the Argentine capital.	business
China continues rapid growth China's economy has expanded by a breakneck 9.5% during 2004, faster than predicted and well above 2003's 9.1%.	business
GSK aims to stop Aids profiteers One of the world's largest manufacturers of HIV/Aids drugs has launched an initiative to combat the smuggling of cheaper pills - supplied to poorer African countries - back into Europe for resale at far higher price.	business
Saab to build Cadillacs in Sweden General Motors, the world's largest car maker, has confirmed that it will build a new medium-sized Cadillac BLS at its loss-making Saab factory in Sweden.	business
Karachi stocks hit historic high The Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) has recorded its largest single day gain, surging 3.5% to a new high.	business
Saudi NCCI's shares soar Shares in Saudi Arabia's National Company for Cooperative Insurance (NCCI) soared on their first day of trading in Riyadh.	business
Weak dollar hits Reuters Revenues at media group Reuters slipped 11% during 2004, mainly due to the weakness of the dollar, the group said.	business
India and Iran in gas export deal India has signed a $40bn (£21bn) deal to import millions of tonnes of liquefied natural gas from Iran.	business
Weak end-of-year sales hit Next Next has said its annual profit will be £5m lower than previously expected because its end-of-year clearance sale has proved disappointing.	business
'Standoff' on Deutsche's LSE bid Deutsche Boerse investors unhappy with its London Stock Exchange bid will have no chance to throw out the exchange's management until May, Reuters says.	business
Japan bank shares up on link talk Shares of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (SMFG), and Daiwa Securities jumped amid speculation that two of Japan's biggest financial companies will merge.	business
US to rule on Yukos refuge call Yukos has said a US bankruptcy court will decide whether to block Russia's impending auction of its main production arm on Thursday.	business
Circuit City gets takeover offer Circuit City Stores, the second-largest electronics retailer in the US, has received a $3.25bn (£1.7bn) takeover offer.	business
German growth goes into reverse Germany's economy shrank 0.2% in the last three months of 2004, upsetting hopes of a sustained recovery.	business
Cairn shares slump on oil setback Shares in Cairn Energy, a UK oil firm, have closed down 18% after a disappointing drilling update and a warning over possible tax demands.	business
Fed chief warning on US deficit Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan has warned that allowing huge US budget deficits to continue could have "severe" consequences.	business
GM in crunch talks on Fiat future Fiat will meet car giant General Motors (GM) on Tuesday in an attempt to reach agreement over the future of the Italian firm's loss-making auto group.	business
S Korea spending boost to economy South Korea will boost state spending next year in an effort to create jobs and kick start its sputtering economy.	business
China keeps tight rein on credit China's efforts to stop the economy from overheating by clamping down on credit will continue into 2005, state media report.	business
Ebbers denies WorldCom fraud Former WorldCom chief Bernie Ebbers has denied claims that he knew accountants were doctoring the books at the firm.	business
Iranian MPs threaten mobile deal Turkey's biggest private mobile firm could bail out of a $3bn ($1.6bn) deal to build a network in Iran after MPs there slashed its stake in the project.	business
Jobs growth still slow in the US The US created fewer jobs than expected in January, but a fall in jobseekers pushed the unemployment rate to its lowest level in three years.	business
LSE doubts boost bidders' shares Shares in Deutsche Boerse have risen more than 3% after a shareholder fund voiced opposition to the firm's planned takeover of the London Stock Exchange.	business
Call to overhaul UK state pension The UK pension system has been branded inadequate and too complex by a leading retirement think-tank.	business
Ethiopia's crop production up 24% Ethiopia produced 14.27 million tonnes of crops in 2004, 24% higher than in 2003 and 21% more than the average of the past five years, a report says.	business
Barclays profits hit record level Barclays, the UK's third-biggest bank, has seen annual pre-tax profits climb to record levels boosted by a sharp rise in business at its investment arm.	business
Deutsche Boerse set to 'woo' LSE Bosses of Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange are to meet amid talk that a takeover bid for the LSE will be raised to £1.5bn ($2.9bn).	business
India unveils anti-poverty budget India is to boost spending on primary schools and health in a budget flagged as a boost for the ordinary citizen.	business
Card fraudsters 'targeting web' New safeguards on credit and debit card payments in shops has led fraudsters to focus on internet and phone payments, an anti-fraud agency has said.	business
Singapore growth at 8.1% in 2004 Singapore's economy grew by 8.1% in 2004, its best performance since 2000, figures from the trade ministry show.	business
Ukraine revisits state sell-offs Ukraine is preparing what could be a wholesale review of the privatisation of thousands of businesses by the previous administration.	business
UK economy facing 'major risks' The UK manufacturing sector will continue to face "serious challenges" over the next two years, the British Chamber of Commerce (BCC) has said.	business
US to probe airline travel chaos The US government is to investigate two airlines- US Airways and Delta Air Lines' Comair subsidiary - after travel chaos over the Christmas weekend.	business
Mixed reaction to Man Utd offer Shares in Manchester United were up over 5% by noon on Monday following a new offer from Malcolm Glazer.	business
Fiat chief takes steering wheel The chief executive of the Fiat conglomerate has taken day-to-day control of its struggling car business in an effort to turn it around.	business
EU ministers to mull jet fuel tax European Union finance ministers are meeting on Thursday in Brussels, where they are to discuss a controversial jet fuel tax.	business
Indian oil firm eyes Yukos assets India's biggest oil exploration firm, Oil & Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), says it is in talks to buy the former assets of troubled Russian crude producer Yukos.	business
Could Yukos be a blessing in disguise? Other things being equal, the notion of entrepreneurs languishing in jail while their companies are sold off for a song ought to be bad for business.	business
Dollar hovers around record lows The US dollar hovered close to record lows against the euro on Friday as concern grows about the size of the US budget deficit.	business
M&S cuts prices by average of 24% Marks & Spencer has cut prices in London and the regions by an average of 24%, according to research from a City investment bank.	business
Parmalat founder offers apology The founder and former boss of Parmalat has apologised to investors who lost money as a result of the Italian dairy firm's collapse.	business
South African car demand surges Car manufacturers with plants in South Africa, including BMW, General Motors, Toyota and Volkswagen, have seen a surge in demand during 2004.	business
Oil prices reach three-month low Oil prices have fallen heavily for a second day, closing at three-month lows after news that US crude stocks have improved ahead of winter.	business
Golden rule boost for Chancellor Chancellor Gordon Brown has been given a £2.1bn boost in his attempts to meet his golden economic rule, which allows him to borrow only for investment.	business
Israeli economy picking up pace Israel's economy is forecast to grow by 4.2% in 2004 as it continues to emerge from a three-year recession.	business
The 'ticking budget' facing the US The budget proposals laid out by the administration of US President George W Bush are highly controversial. The Washington-based Economic Policy Institute, which tends to be critical of the President, looks at possible fault lines. US politicians and citizens of all political persuasions are in for a dose of shock therapy. Without major changes in current policies and political prejudices, the federal budget simply cannot hold together. News coverage of the Bush budget will be dominated by debates about spending cuts, but the fact is these will be large cuts in small programs. From the standpoint of the big fiscal trends, the cuts are gratuitous and the big budget train wreck is yet to come. Under direct threat will be the federal government's ability to make good on its debts to the Social Security Trust Fund. As soon as 2018, the fund will begin to require some cash returns on its bond holdings in order to finance all promised benefits.	business
Manufacturing recovery 'slowing' UK manufacturing grew at its slowest pace in one-and-a-half years in January, according to a survey.	business
S Korea spending boost to economy South Korea will boost state spending next year in an effort to create jobs and kick start its sputtering economy.	business
Optimism remains over UK housing The UK property market remains robust despite the recent slowdown, according to mortgage lender Bradford & Bingley and housebuilder George Wimpey.	business
Rich grab half Colombia poor fund Half of the money put aside by the Colombian government to help the country's poor is benefiting people who do not need it, a study has found.	business
Beer giant swallows Russian firm Brewing giant Inbev has agreed to buy Alfa-Eco's stake in Sun Interbrew, Russia's second-largest brewer, for up to 259.7m euros ($353.3m; £183.75m).	business
India widens access to telecoms India has raised the limit for foreign direct investment in telecoms companies from 49% to 74%.	business
India calls for fair trade rules India, which attends the G7 meeting of seven leading industrialised nations on Friday, is unlikely to be cowed by its newcomer status.	business
UK house prices dip in November UK house prices dipped slightly in November, the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister (ODPM) has said.	business
Brewers' profits lose their fizz Heineken and Carlsberg, two of the world's largest brewers, have reported falling profits after beer sales in western Europe fell flat.	business
Chinese wine tempts Italy's Illva Italy's Illva Saronno has agreed to buy 33% of Changyu, the largest wine maker in China.	business
Japan turns to beer alternatives Japanese brewers are increasingly making money from beer-flavoured drinks rather than beer itself	business
Yukos seeks court action on sale Yukos will return to a US court on Wednesday to seek sanctions against Baikal Finance Group, the little-known firm which has bought its main asset.	business
Nortel in $300m profit revision Telecoms equipment maker Nortel Networks has sharply revised downwards its profits for the 2003 fiscal year.	business
WMC says Xstrata bid is too low Australian mining firm WMC Resources has said it is worth up to 30% more than a hostile 7.4bn Australian dollar ($5.8bn; £3bn) bid by rival Xstrata.	business
Shares hit by MS drug suspension Shares in Elan and Biogen Idec plunged on Monday as the firms suspended sales of new multiple sclerosis drug Tysabri after a patient's death in the US.	business
Lacroix label bought by US firm Luxury goods group LVMH has sold its loss-making Christian Lacroix clothing label to a US investment group.	business
Tsunami 'to hit Sri Lanka banks' Sri Lanka's banks face hard times following December's tsunami disaster, officials have warned.	business
Bank voted 8-1 for no rate change The decision to keep interest rates on hold at 4.75% earlier this month was passed 8-1 by the Bank of England's rate-setting body, minutes have shown.	business
Markets signal Brazilian recovery The Brazilian stock market has risen to a record high as investors display growing confidence in the durability of the country's economic recovery.	business
Call centre users 'lose patience' Customers trying to get through to call centres are getting impatient and quicker to hang up, a survey suggests.	business
S Korean credit card firm rescued South Korea's largest credit card firm has averted liquidation following a one trillion won ($960m; £499m) bail-out.	business
Oil rebounds from weather effect Oil prices recovered in Asian trade on Tuesday, after falling in New York on milder winter weather across the US.	business
Ebbers 'aware' of WorldCom fraud Former WorldCom boss Bernie Ebbers was directly involved in the $11bn financial fraud at the firm, his closest associate has told a US court.	business
MCI shareholder sues to stop bid A shareholder in US phone firm MCI has taken legal action to halt a $6.75bn (£3.6bn) buyout by telecoms giant Verizon, hoping to get a better deal.	business
Vodafone appoints new Japan boss Vodafone has drafted in its UK chief executive William Morrow to take charge of its troubled Japanese operation.	business
Worldcom boss 'left books alone' Former Worldcom boss Bernie Ebbers, who is accused of overseeing an $11bn (£5.8bn) fraud, never made accounting decisions, a witness has told jurors.	business
Strong quarterly growth for Nike Nike has reported its best second-quarter earnings, helped by strong demand for its athletic shoes and Converse sneakers.	business
India's Maruti sees profits jump India's biggest carmaker Maruti has reported a sharp increase in quarterly profit after a booming economy and low interest rates boosted demand.	business
US manufacturing expands US industrial production increased in December, according to the latest survey from the Institute for Supply Management (ISM).	business
GM issues 2005 profits warning General Motors has warned that it expects earnings this year be lower than in 2004.	business
Business fears over sluggish EU economy As European leaders gather in Rome on Friday to sign the new EU constitution, many companies will be focusing on matters much closer to home - namely how to stay in business.	business
Huge rush for Jet Airways shares Indian airline Jet Airways' initial public offering was oversubscribed 16.2 times, bankers said on Friday.	business
Economy 'strong' in election year UK businesses are set to prosper during the next few months - but this could trigger more interest rate rises, according to a report.	business
Soaring oil 'hits world economy' The soaring cost of oil has hit global economic growth, although world's major economies should weather the storm of price rises, according to the OECD.	business
Asia shares defy post-quake gloom Thailand has become the first of the 10 southern Asian nations battered by giant waves at the weekend to cut its economic forecast.	business
Standard Life concern at LSE bid Standard Life is the latest shareholder in Deutsche Boerse to express concern at the German stock market operator's plans to buy the London Stock Exchange.	business
Qantas considers offshore option Australian airline Qantas could transfer as many as 7,000 jobs out of its home country as it seeks to save costs, according to newspaper reports.	business
Steady job growth continues in US The US created fewer jobs than expected in December, but analysts said that the dip in hiring was not enough to derail the world's biggest economy.	business
Arsenal 'may seek full share listing' Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein has said the club may consider seeking a full listing for its shares on the London Stock Exchange.	business
Christmas shoppers flock to tills Shops all over the UK reported strong sales on the last Saturday before Christmas with some claiming record-breaking numbers of festive shoppers.	business
Standard Life cuts policy bonuses Standard Life, Europe's largest mutual life insurer, has cut bonuses for with-profit policyholders.	business
India's rupee hits five-year high India's rupee has hit a five-year high after Standard & Poor's (S&P) raised the country's foreign currency rating.	business
Verizon 'seals takeover of MCI' Verizon has won a takeover battle for US phone firm MCI with a bid worth $6.8bn (£3.6bn), reports say.	business
Profits slide at India's Dr Reddy Profits at Indian drugmaker Dr Reddy's fell 93% as research costs rose and sales flagged.	business
Air Jamaica back in state control The Jamaican government is regaining control of Air Jamaica in an bid to help the ailing company out of its financial difficulties.	business
India's Reliance family feud heats up The ongoing public spat between the two heirs of India's biggest conglomerate, Reliance Group, has spilled over to the board meeting of a leading company within the group.	business
Wal-Mart fights back at accusers Two big US names have launched advertising campaigns to "set the record straight" about their products and corporate behaviour.	business
SEC to rethink post-Enron rules The US stock market watchdog's chairman has said he is willing to soften tough new US corporate governance rules to ease the burden on foreign firms.	business
India's Deccan gets more planes Air Deccan has signed a deal to acquire 36 planes from Avions de Transport Regional (ATR).	business
Qantas sees profits fly to record Australian airline Qantas has posted a record fiscal first-half profit thanks to cost-cutting measures.	business
Wall Street cool to eBay's profit Shares in online auction house eBay fell 9.8% in after-hours trade on Wednesday, after its quarterly profits failed to meet market expectations.	business
Enron bosses in $168m payout Eighteen former Enron directors have agreed a $168m (£89m) settlement deal in a shareholder lawsuit over the collapse of the energy firm.	business
Honda wins China copyright ruling Japan's Honda has won a copyright case in Beijing, further evidence that China is taking a tougher line on protecting intellectual property rights.	business
GE sees 'excellent' world economy US behemoth General Electric has posted an 18% jump in quarterly sales, and in profits, and declared itself "in great shape".	business
News Corp makes $5.4bn Fox offer News Corporation is seeking to buy out minority investors in Fox Entertainment Group, its broadcasting subsidiary, for about $5.4bn (£3.7bn).	business
Japanese banking battle at an end Japan's Sumitomo Mitsui Financial has withdrawn its takeover offer for rival bank UFJ Holdings, enabling the latter to merge with Mitsubishi Tokyo.	business
Crossrail link 'to get go-ahead' The £10bn Crossrail transport plan, backed by business groups, is to get the go-ahead this month, according to The Mail on Sunday.	business
Japan's ageing workforce: built to last In his twenties he battled tuberculosis for eight years, then went on to run his own clothing business before marrying in his late thirties. And the 101-year-old Torao Toshitsune has eaten raw fish pretty much every day throughout his life.	business
$1m payoff for former Shell boss Shell is to pay $1m (£522,000) to the ex-finance chief who stepped down from her post in April 2004 after the firm over-stated its reserves.	business
Absa and Barclays talks continue South Africa biggest retail bank Absa has said it is still in talks with UK bank Barclays over the sale of majority stake in the group.	business
Giant waves damage S Asia economy Governments, aid agencies, insurers and travel firms are among those counting the cost of the massive earthquake and waves that hammered southern Asia.	business
Bank opts to leave rates on hold The Bank of England has left interest rates on hold at 4.75% for a sixth month in a row.	business
Oil prices fall back from highs Oil prices retreated from four-month highs in early trading on Tuesday after producers' cartel Opec said it was now unlikely to cut production.	business
Brussels raps mobile call charges The European Commission has written to the mobile phone operators Vodafone and T-Mobile to challenge "the high rates" they charge for international roaming.	business
Brazil jobless rate hits new low Brazil's unemployment rate fell to its lowest level in three years in December, according to the government.	business
Khodorkovsky quits Yukos shares Jailed tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has transferred his controlling stake in oil giant Yukos to a business partner.	business
Mixed Christmas for US retailers US retailers posted mixed results for December - with luxury retailers faring well while many others were forced to slash prices to lift sales.	business
Yukos loses US bankruptcy battle A judge has dismissed an attempt by Russian oil giant Yukos to gain bankruptcy protection in the US.	business
US in EU tariff chaos trade row The US has asked the World Trade Organisation to investigate European Union customs tariffs, which it says are inconsistent and hamper trade.	business
Durex maker SSL awaits firm bid UK condom maker SSL International has refused to comment on reports it may be subject to a takeover early in 2005.	business
Ukraine steel sell-off 'illegal' The controversial sell-off of a Ukrainian steel mill to a relative of the former president was illegal, a court has ruled.	business
India and Russia in energy talks India and Russia are to work together in a series of energy deals, part of a pact which could see India invest up to $20bn in oil and gas projects.	business
UK homes hit £3.3 trillion total The value of the UK's housing stock reached the £3.3 trillion mark in 2004 - triple the value 10 years earlier, a report indicates.	business
Google shares fall as staff sell Shares in Google have fallen 6.7% after employees and early investors in the web search took advantage of the first chance to sell their holdings.	business
Jobs growth still slow in the US The US created fewer jobs than expected in January, but a fall in jobseekers pushed the unemployment rate to its lowest level in three years.	business
Iraq to invite phone licence bids Iraq is to invite bids for two telephone licences, saying it wants to significantly boost nationwide coverage over the next decade.	business
IMF agrees fresh Turkey funding Turkey has agreed a draft proposal with the International Monetary Fund to borrow $10bn (£5.19bn), extending its ongoing financial support until 2007.	business
VW considers opening Indian plant Volkswagen is considering building a car factory in India, but said it had yet to make a final decision.	business
Saudi investor picks up the Savoy London's famous Savoy hotel has been sold to a group combining Saudi billionaire investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal and a unit of HBOS bank.	business
Australia rates at four year high Australia is raising its benchmark interest rate to its highest level in four years despite signs of a slowdown in the country's economy.	business
US firm 'bids for Lacroix label' A US firm has said it is in final negotiations with luxury goods group LVMH to buy the loss-making Christian Lacroix haute-couture house.	business
Bargain calls widen Softbank loss Japanese communications firm Softbank has widened losses after heavy spending on a new cut-rate phone service.	business
Steady job growth continues in US The US created fewer jobs than expected in December, but analysts said that the dip in hiring was not enough to derail the world's biggest economy.	business
Oil companies get Russian setback International oil and mining companies have reacted cautiously to Russia's decision to bar foreign firms from natural resource tenders in 2005.	business
Deutsche Boerse boosts dividend Deutsche Boerse, the German stock exchange that is trying to buy its London rival, has said it will boost its 2004 dividend payment by 27%.	business
European losses hit GM's profits General Motors (GM) saw its net profits fall 37% in the last quarter of 2004, as it continued to be hit by losses at its European operations.	business
Wal-Mart to pay $14m in gun suit The world's largest retailer, Wal-Mart, has agreed to pay a total of $14.5m (£7.74m) to settle a lawsuit over gun sales violations in California.	business
Reliance unit loses Anil Ambani Anil Ambani, the younger of the two brothers in charge of India's largest private company, has resigned from running its petrochemicals subsidiary.	business
US interest rate rise expected US interest rates are expected to rise for the fifth time since June following the US Federal Reserve's latest rate-setting meeting later on Tuesday.	business
Lufthansa flies back to profit German airline Lufthansa has returned to profit in 2004 after posting huge losses in 2003.	business
Deutsche Telekom sees mobile gain German telecoms firm Deutsche Telekom saw strong fourth quarter profits on the back of upbeat US mobile earnings and better-than-expected asset sales.	business
Insurance bosses plead guilty Another three US insurance executives have pleaded guilty to fraud charges stemming from an ongoing investigation into industry malpractice.	business
HealthSouth ex-boss goes on trial The former head of US medical services firm HealthSouth overstated earnings and assets to boost the company's share price, it was claimed in court.	business
Record year for Chilean copper Chile's copper industry has registered record earnings of $14.2bn in 2004, the governmental Chilean Copper Commission (Cochilco) has reported.	business
Economy 'stronger than forecast' The UK economy probably grew at a faster rate in the third quarter than the 0.4% reported, according to Bank of England deputy governor Rachel Lomax.	business
Yukos unit buyer faces loan claim The owners of embattled Russian oil giant Yukos are to ask the buyer of its former production unit to pay back a $900m (£479m) loan.	business
Wall Street cheers Bush victory The US stock market has closed higher in response to George W Bush's victory in the presidential elections.	business
BMW drives record sales in Asia BMW has forecast sales growth of at least 10% in Asia this year after registering record sales there in 2004.	business
Brazil approves bankruptcy reform A major reform of Brazil's bankruptcy laws has been approved by the country's Congress, in a move which it is hoped will cut the cost of borrowing.	business
Bush to outline 'toughest' budget President Bush is to send his toughest budget proposals to date to the US Congress, seeking large cuts in domestic spending to lower the deficit.	business
Latin America sees strong growth Latin America's economy grew by 5.5% in 2004, its best performance since 1980, while exports registered their best performance in two decades.	business
Britannia members' £42m windfall More than 800,000 Britannia Building Society members are to receive a profit share worth on average £52 each.	business
FAO warns on impact of subsidies Billions of farmers' livelihoods are at risk from falling commodity prices and protectionism, the UN's Food & Agriculture Organisation has warned.	business
US trade gap ballooned in October The US trade deficit widened by more than expected in October, hitting record levels after higher oil prices raised import costs, figures have shown	business
BA to suspend two Saudi services British Airways is to halt its flights from London Heathrow to Jeddah and Riyadh in Saudi Arabia from 27 March.	business
Go-ahead for Balkan oil pipeline Albania, Bulgaria and Macedonia has given the go ahead for the construction of a $1.2bn oil pipeline that will pass through the Balkan peninsula.	business
Japan narrowly escapes recession Japan's economy teetered on the brink of a technical recession in the three months to September, figures show.	business
US data sparks inflation worries Wholesale prices in the US rose at the fastest rate in more than six years in January, according to government data.	business
US Airways staff agree to pay cut A union representing 5,200 flight attendants at bankrupt US Airways have agreed to a new contract that cuts pay by nearly 10%.	business
Boeing secures giant Japan order Boeing is to supply Japan Airlines with up to 50 of its forthcoming 7E7 planes in a deal that could be worth as much as $6bn (£3.1bn) for the US giant.	business
Irish company hit by Iraqi report Shares in Irish oil company Petrel Resources have lost more than 50% of their value on a report that the firm has failed to win a contract in Iraq.	business
Profits jump at China's top bank Industrial and Commercial Bank (ICBC), China's biggest lender, has seen an 18% jump in profits during 2004.	business
China's Shanda buys stake in Sina Chinese online game operator Shanda Interactive Entertainment has bought a 20% stake in Sina, the country's biggest internet portal firm.	business
Consumer spending lifts US growth US economic growth accelerated in the third quarter, helped by strong consumer spending, official figures have shown.	business
Rank 'set to sell off film unit' Leisure group Rank could unveil plans to demerge its film services unit and sell its media business, reports claim.	business
Rover deal 'may cost 2,000 jobs' Some 2,000 jobs at MG Rover's Midlands plant may be cut if investment in the firm by a Chinese car maker goes ahead, the Financial Times has reported.	business
Disney settles disclosure charges Walt Disney has settled charges from US federal regulators that it failed to disclose how family members of directors were employed by the company.	business
Japanese growth grinds to a halt Growth in Japan evaporated in the three months to September, sparking renewed concern about an economy not long out of a decade-long trough.	business
Weak data buffets French economy A batch of downbeat government data has cast doubt over the French economy's future prospects.	business
Axa Sun Life cuts bonus payments Life insurer Axa Sun Life has lowered annual bonus payouts for up to 50,000 with-profits investors.	business
Ford gains from finance not cars Ford, the US car company, reported higher fourth quarter and full-year profits on Thursday boosted by a buoyant period for its car loans unit.	business
Stock market eyes Japan recovery Japanese shares have ended the year at their highest level since 13 July amidst hopes of an economic recovery during 2005.	business
Yukos bankruptcy 'not US matter' Russian authorities do not have to abide by any US court decisions taken with regard to troubled oil giant Yukos, a Houston court has been told.	business
US bank 'loses' customer details The Bank of America has revealed it has lost computer tapes containing account details of more than one million customers who are US federal employees.	business
Beijingers fume over parking fees Choking traffic jams in Beijing are prompting officials to look at reorganising car parking charges.	business
Khodorkovsky ally denies charges A close associate of former Yukos boss Mikhail Khodorkovsky has told a court that fraud charges levelled against him are "false".	business
Quiksilver moves for Rossignol Shares of Skis Rossignol, the world's largest ski-maker, have jumped as much as 15% on speculation that it will be bought by US surfwear firm Quiksilver.	business
Retail sales show festive fervour UK retail sales were better than expected in November as Christmas shoppers began their seasonal flock to the High Street, figures show.	business
Cash gives way to flexible friend Spending on credit and debit cards has overtaken cash spending in the UK for the first time.	business
Mixed signals from French economy The French economy picked up speed at the end of 2004, official figures show - but still looks set to have fallen short of the government's hopes.	business
BP surges ahead on high oil price Oil giant BP has announced a 26% rise in annual profits to $16.2bn (£8.7bn) on the back of record oil prices.	business
Parmalat to return to stockmarket Parmalat, the Italian dairy company which went bust after an accounting scandal, hopes to be back on the Italian stock exchange in July.	business
Christmas sales worst since 1981 UK retail sales fell in December, failing to meet expectations and making it by some counts the worst Christmas since 1981.	business
Feta cheese battle reaches court A row over whether only Greece should be allowed to label its cheese feta has reached the European Court of Justice.	business
Germany calls for EU reform German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has called for radical reform of the EU's stability pact to grant countries more flexibility over their budget deficits.	business
US company admits Benin bribery A US defence and telecommunications company has agreed to pay $28.5m after admitting bribery in the West African state of Benin.	business
Liberian economy starts to grow The Liberian economy started to grow in 2004, but "sustained and deep reform efforts" are needed to ensure long term growth, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has said.	business
Borussia Dortmund near bust German football club and former European champion Borussia Dortmund has warned it will go bankrupt if rescue talks with creditors fail.	business
Criminal probe on Citigroup deals Traders at US banking giant Citigroup are facing a criminal investigation in Germany over a controversial bond deal.	business
Hyundai to build new India plant South Korea's Hyundai Motor has announced that it plans to build a second plant in India to meet the country's growing demand for cars.	business
Soros group warns of Kazakh close The Open Society Institute (OSI), financed by billionaire George Soros, has accused Kazakhstan officials of trying to close down its local office.	business
'Golden economic period' to end Ten years of "golden" economic performance may come to an end in 2005 with growth slowing markedly, City consultancy Deloitte has warned.	business
Sluggish economy hits German jobs The number of people out of work in Europe's largest economy has risen for the tenth straight month as growth remains stubbornly slow.	business
Yangtze Electric's profits double Yangtze Electric Power, the operator of China's Three Gorges Dam, has said its profits more than doubled in 2004.	business
'Strong dollar' call halts slide The US dollar's slide against the euro and yen has halted after US Treasury Secretary John Snow said a strong dollar was "in America's interest".	business
Barclays shares up on merger talk Shares in UK banking group Barclays have risen on Monday following a weekend press report that it had held merger talks with US bank Wells Fargo.	business
Qatar and Shell in $6bn gas deal Shell has signed a $6bn (£3.12bn) deal with the Middle Eastern sheikhdom of Qatar to supply liquid natural gas (LNG) to North America and Europe.	business
Europe asks Asia for euro help European leaders say Asian states must let their currencies rise against the US dollar to ease pressure on the euro.	business
Palestinian economy in decline Despite a short-lived increase in Palestinian jobs in 2003, the economy is performing well below its potential, said a World Bank report.	business
Rescue hope for Borussia Dortmund Shares in struggling German football club Borussia Dortmund slipped on Monday despite the club agreeing a rescue plan with creditors on Friday.	business
Shares rise on new Man Utd offer Shares in Manchester United closed up 4.75% on Monday following a new offer from US tycoon Malcolm Glazer.	business
DaimlerChrysler's 2004 sales rise US-German carmaker DaimlerChrysler has sold 2.1% more cars in 2004 than in the previous year, as solid Chrysler sales offset a weak showing for Mercedes.	business
Banker loses sexism claim A former executive at the London offices of Merrill Lynch has lost her £7.5m ($14.6m) sex discrimination case against the US investment bank.	business
Gold falls on IMF sale concerns The price of gold has fallen after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said it will look at ways of using its gold reserves to provide debt relief.	business
Parmalat bank barred from suing Bank of America has been banned from suing Parmalat, the food group which went bust in 2003 after an accounting scandal.	business
UK interest rates held at 4.75% The Bank of England has left interest rates on hold again at 4.75%, in a widely-predicted move.	business
BBC poll indicates economic gloom Citizens in a majority of nations surveyed in a BBC World Service poll believe the world economy is worsening.	business
French wine gets 70m euro top-up The French government is to hand its struggling wine industry 70m euros ($91m) in aid to help it battle falling sales and damaging overproduction.	business
US Ahold suppliers face charges US prosecutors have charged nine food suppliers with helping Dutch retailer Ahold inflate earnings by more than $800m (£428m).	business
Telegraph newspapers axe 90 jobs The Daily and Sunday Telegraph newspapers are axing 90 journalist jobs - 17% of their editorial staff.	business
German jobless rate at new record More than 5.2 million Germans were out of work in February, new figures show.	business
Virgin Blue shares plummet 20% Shares in Australian budget airline Virgin Blue plunged 20% after it warned of a steep fall in full year profits.	business
US budget deficit to reach $368bn The US budget deficit is set to hit a worse-than-expected $368bn (£197bn) this year, officials said on Tuesday.	business
Italy to get economic action plan Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will unveil plans aimed at kickstarting the country's sputtering economy on Thursday night in Rome.	business
Car giant hit by Mercedes slump A slump in profitability at luxury car maker Mercedes has prompted a big drop in profits at parent DaimlerChrysler.	business
GM pays $2bn to evade Fiat buyout General Motors of the US is to pay Fiat 1.55bn euros ($2bn; £1.1bn) to get out of a deal which could have forced it to buy the Italian car maker outright.	business
Indonesians face fuel price rise Indonesia's government has confirmed it is considering raising fuel prices by as much as 30%.	business
Court rejects $280bn tobacco case A US government claim accusing the country's biggest tobacco companies of covering up the effects of smoking has been thrown out by an appeal court.	business
Weak dollar trims Cadbury profits The world's biggest confectionery firm, Cadbury Schweppes, has reported a modest rise in profits after the weak dollar took a bite out of its results.	business
Turkey-Iran mobile deal 'at risk' Turkey's investment in Iran's mobile industry looks set to be scrapped after its biggest mobile firm saw its investment there slashed by MPs.	business
US trade gap hits record in 2004 The gap between US exports and imports hit an all-time high of $671.7bn (£484bn) in 2004, latest figures show.	business
Businesses fail to plan for HIV Companies fail to draw up plans to cope with HIV/Aids until it affects 20% of people in a country, new research says.	business
Takeover rumour lifts Exel shares Shares in storage and delivery firm Exel closed up 9% at a two-and-a-half year high on Tuesday on speculation it is to receive an imminent takeover bid.	business
Millions go missing at China bank Two senior officials at one of China's top commercial banks have reportedly disappeared after funds worth up to $120m (£64m) went missing.	business
Cuba winds back economic clock Fidel Castro's decision to ban all cash transactions in US dollars in Cuba has once more turned the spotlight on Cuba's ailing economy.	business
Tokyo says deflation 'controlled' The Japanese government has forecast that the country's economic growth will slow to 1.6% in the next fiscal year starting in April 2005.	business
Macy's owner buys rival for $11bn US retail giant Federated Department Stores is to buy rival May Department Stores for $11bn (£5.7bn).	business
Watchdog probes Vivendi bond sale French stock market regulator AMF has filed complaints against media giant Vivendi Universal, its boss and another top executive.	business
Wembley firm won't make a profit Shares in Multiplex Group, which is building the new Wembley stadium, fell as much as 19% after it said it would not make any money on the project.	business
EC calls truce in deficit battle The European Commission (EC) has called a truce in its battle with France and Germany over breaching deficit limits.	business
Lloyd's of London head chides FSA The head of Lloyd's of London, the insurance market, has criticised Britain's financial watchdog, the Financial Services Authority (FSA).	business
WMC profits up amid bid criticism Australian mining firm WMC Resources has seen a fivefold rise in profits while continuing to be the target of a hostile takeover bid.	business
Yukos unit fetches $9bn at auction A little-known Russian company has bought the main production unit of oil giant Yukos at auction in Moscow.	business
Yukos drops banks from court bid Russian oil company Yukos has dropped the threat of legal action against five banks it had accused of involvement in the sale of its key Yugansk unit.	business
Winter freeze keeps oil above $50 Oil prices carried on rising on Wednesday after cold weather on both sides of the North Atlantic pushed US crude prices to four-month highs.	business
Safety alert as GM recalls cars The world's biggest carmaker General Motors (GM) is recalling nearly 200,000 vehicles in the US on safety grounds, according to federal regulators.	business
G7 backs Africa debt relief plan G7 finance ministers have backed plans to write off up to 100% of the debts of some of the world's poorest countries.	business
High fuel costs hit US airlines Two of the largest airlines in the US - American and Southwest - have blamed record fuel prices for their disappointing quarterly results.	business
German economy rebounds Germany's economy, the biggest among the 12 countries sharing the euro, grew at its fastest rate in four years during 2004, driven by strong exports.	business
BMW to recall faulty diesel cars BMW is to recall all cars equipped with a faulty diesel fuel-injection pump supplied by parts maker Robert Bosch.	business
Q&A: Malcolm Glazer and Man Utd The battle for control of Manchester United has taken another turn after the club confirmed it had received a fresh takeover approach from US business tycoon Malcolm Glazer.	business
Indonesia 'declines debt freeze' Indonesia no longer needs the debt freeze offered by the Paris Club group of creditors, Economics Minister Aburizal Bakrie has reportedly said.	business
Tobacco giants hail court ruling US tobacco companies have welcomed an appeal court's decision to reject the government's $280bn (£155bn) claim for alleged deceit about smoking dangers.	business
Profits stall at China's Lenovo Profits at Chinese computer firm Lenovo have stood still amid slowing demand at home and stiffening competition.	business
Executive trio leave Aer Lingus Three senior executives of Ireland's state-owned airline, Aer Lingus, are set to leave early on 28 January after accusations of a conflict of interest.	business
Nissan names successor to Ghosn Nissan has named a lifetime employee to run its operations after Carlos Ghosn, its highly successful boss, takes charge at Renault.	business
Further rise in UK jobless total The UK's jobless total rose for the second month in a row in December, official figures show.	business
Fiat mulls Ferrari market listing Ferrari could be listed on the stock market as part of an overhaul of Fiat's carmaking operations, the Financial Times has reported.	business
Lesotho textile workers lose jobs Six foreign-owned textile factories have closed in Lesotho, leaving 6,650 garment workers jobless, union officers told the AP news agency.	business
Ban on forced retirement under 65 Employers will no longer be able to force workers to retire before 65, unless they can justify it.	business
Libya takes $1bn in unfrozen funds Libya has withdrawn $1bn in assets from the US, assets which had previously been frozen for almost 20 years, the Libyan central bank has said.	business
Cairn Energy in Indian gas find Shares in Cairn Energy rose 3.8% to 1,088 pence on Tuesday after the UK firm announced a fresh gas discovery in northern India.	business
Madagascar completes currency switch Madagascar has completed the replacement of its Malagasy franc with a new currency, the ariary.	business
Aviation firms eye booming India India's defence minister has opened the country's Aero India 2005 air show with an invitation for global aerospace firms to outsource jobs to the nation.	business
Budget Aston takes on Porsche British car maker Aston Martin has gone head-to-head with Porsche's 911 sports cars with the launch of its cheapest model yet.	business
US retail sales surge in December US retail sales ended the year on a high note with solid gains in December, boosted by strong car sales.	business
Cars pull down US retail figures US retail sales fell 0.3% in January, the biggest monthly decline since last August, driven down by a heavy fall in car sales.	business
MCI shares climb on takeover bid Shares in US phone company MCI have risen on speculation that it is in takeover talks.	business
Economy 'strong' in election year UK businesses are set to prosper during the next few months - but this could trigger more interest rate rises, according to a report.	business
China had role in Yukos split-up China lent Russia $6bn (£3.2bn) to help the Russian government renationalise the key Yuganskneftegas unit of oil group Yukos, it has been revealed.	business
LSE 'sets date for takeover deal' The London Stock Exchange (LSE) is planning to announce a preferred takeover by the end of the month, newspaper reports claim.	business
Making your office work for you Our mission to brighten up your working lives continues - and this time, we're taking a long hard look at your offices.	business
No seasonal lift for house market A swathe of figures have provided further evidence of a slowdown in the UK property market.	business
China bans new tobacco factories The world's biggest tobacco consumer, China, has said it will not allow any new tobacco factories to be built.	business
Continental 'may run out of cash' Shares in Continental Airlines have tumbled after the firm warned it could run out of cash.	business
Asian quake hits European shares Shares in Europe's leading reinsurers and travel firms have fallen as the scale of the damage wrought by tsunamis across south Asia has become apparent.	business
US seeks new $280bn smoker ruling The US Justice Department is to try to overturn a court ruling that threw out its claim for $280bn (£149bn) in damages from tobacco firms.	business
Worldcom director ends evidence The former chief financial officer at US telecoms firm WorldCom has finished giving evidence at the trial of his ex-boss Bernie Ebbers.	business
Dollar drops on reserves concerns The US dollar has dropped against major currencies on concerns that central banks may cut the amount of dollars they hold in their foreign reserves.	business
JP Morgan admits US slavery links Thousands of slaves were accepted as collateral for loans by two banks that later became part of JP Morgan Chase.	business
Pension hitch for long-living men Male life expectancy is much higher than originally estimated, leading pension researchers have said.	business
Business confidence dips in Japan Business confidence among Japanese manufacturers has weakened for the first time since March 2003, the quarterly Tankan survey has found.	business
Dutch bank to lay off 2,850 staff ABN Amro, the Netherlands' largest bank, is to cut 2,850 jobs as a result of falling profits.	business
Warning over US pensions deficit Taxpayers may have to bail out the US agency that protects workers' pension funds, leading economists have warned.	business
US adds more jobs than expected The US economy added 337,000 jobs in October - a seven-month high and far more than Wall Street expectations.	business
Jobs go at Oracle after takeover Oracle has announced it is cutting about 5,000 jobs following the completion of its $10.3bn takeover of its smaller rival Peoplesoft last week.	business
Glazer makes new Man Utd approach Malcolm Glazer has made a fresh approach to buy Manchester United, which could lead to a bid valuing the Premiership club at £800m.	business
Brazil buy boosts Belgium's Inbev Belgian brewing giant Inbev has seen its profits soar thanks to its acquisition of Brazil's biggest beer firm Ambev last year.	business
Irish markets reach all-time high Irish shares have risen to a record high, with investors persuaded to buy into the market by low inflation and strong growth forecasts.	business
Share boost for feud-hit Reliance The board of Indian conglomerate Reliance has agreed a share buy-back, to counter the effects of a power struggle in the controlling family.	business
Renault boss hails 'great year' Strong sales outside western Europe helped Renault boost its profits by more than 40% in 2004 although the firm warned of lower margins this year.	business
House prices rebound says Halifax UK house prices increased by 1.1% in December, the first monthly rise since September, the Halifax has said.	business
Electronics firms eye plasma deal Consumer electronics giants Hitachi and Matshushita Electric are joining forces to share and develop technology for flat screen televisions.	business
MG Rover China tie-up 'delayed' MG Rover's proposed tie-up with China's top carmaker has been delayed due to concerns by Chinese regulators, according to the Financial Times.	business
Gaming firm to sell UK dog tracks Six UK greyhound tracks have been put up for sale by gaming group Wembley as part of a move which will lead to the break-up of the group.	business
Call to save manufacturing jobs The Trades Union Congress (TUC) is calling on the government to stem job losses in manufacturing firms by reviewing the help it gives companies.	business
Ericsson sees earnings improve Telecoms equipment supplier Ericsson has posted a rise in fourth quarter profits thanks to clients like Deutsche Telekom upgrade their networks.	business
Venezuela and China sign oil deal Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez has offered China wide-ranging access to the country's oil reserves.	business
Asia quake increases poverty risk Nearly two million people across Asia could be thrown into poverty because of the Indian Ocean tsunami, the Asian Development Bank (ADB) has said.	business
US bank in $515m SEC settlement Five Bank of America subsidiaries have agreed to pay a total of $515m (£277m) to settle an investigation into fraudulent trading share practices.	business
Asian banks halt dollar's slide The dollar regained some lost ground against most major currencies on Wednesday after South Korea and Japan denied they were planning a sell-off.	business
Europe blames US over weak dollar European leaders have openly blamed the US for the sharp rise in the value of the euro.	business
Industrial output falls in Japan Japanese industrial output fell in October while unemployment rose, casting further doubt on the strength of the country's economic recovery.	business
Russia gets investment blessing Soaring oil sales and a budget surplus mean Russian debt is no longer a risky investment, one of the world's leading credit rating agencies says.	business
Trade gap narrows as exports rise The UK's trade gap narrowed in November, helped by a 7.5% rise in exports outside the European Union.	business
World leaders gather to face uncertainty More than 2,000 business and political leaders from around the globe are arriving in the Swiss mountain resort Davos for the annual World Economic Forum (WEF). For five days, they will discuss issues ranging from China's economic power to Iraq's future after this Sunday's elections. UK Prime Minister Tony Blair and South African President Thabo Mbeki are among the more than 20 government leaders and heads of state leaders attending the meeting. Unlike previous years, protests against the WEF are expected to be muted. Anti-globalisation campaigners have called off a demonstration planned for the weekend.	business
BMW cash to fuel Mini production Less than four years after the new Mini was launched, German car maker BMW has announced £100m of new investment.	business
Slowdown hits US factory growth US industrial production increased for the 21st month in a row in February, but at a slower pace than in January, official figures show.	business
S&N extends Indian beer venture The UK's biggest brewer, Scottish and Newcastle (S&N), is to buy 37.5% of India's United Breweries in a deal worth 4.66bn rupees ($106m:£54.6m).	business
Burren awarded Egyptian contracts British energy firm Burren Energy has been awarded two potentially lucrative oil exploration contracts in Egypt.	business
Cannabis hopes for drug firm A prescription cannabis drug made by UK biotech firm GW Pharmaceuticals is set to be approved in Canada.	business
Turkey knocks six zeros off lira Turkey is to relaunch its currency on Saturday, knocking six zeros off the lira in the hope of boosting trade and powering its growing economy.	business
US interest rates increased to 2% US interest rates are to rise for the fourth time in five months, in a widely anticipated move.	business
India seeks to boost construction India has cleared a proposal allowing up to 100% foreign direct investment in its construction sector.	business
Buyers snap up Jet Airways' shares Investors have snapped up shares in Jet Airways, India's biggest airline, following the launch of its much anticipated initial public offer (IPO).	business
Strong demand triggers oil rally Crude oil prices surged back above the $47 a barrel mark on Thursday after an energy market watchdog raised its forecasts for global demand.	business
WorldCom trial starts in New York The trial of Bernie Ebbers, former chief executive of bankrupt US phone company WorldCom, has started in New York with the selection of the jury.	business
Ukraine strikes Turkmen gas deal Ukraine has agreed to pay 30% more for natural gas supplied by Turkmenistan.	business
Germany nears 1990 jobless level German unemployment rose for the 11th consecutive month in December - making the year's average jobless total the highest since reunification.	business
UK firm faces Venezuelan land row Venezuelan authorities have said they will seize land owned by a British company as part of President Chavez's agrarian reform programme.	business
Euro firms miss out on optimism More than 90% of large companies around the world are highly optimistic about their economic prospects, a survey of 1,300 bosses suggests.	business
McDonald's boss Bell dies aged 44 Charlie Bell, the straight-talking former head of fast-food giant McDonald's, has died of cancer aged 44.	business
Irish duo could block Man Utd bid Irishmen JP McManus and John Magnier, who own a 29% stake in Manchester United, will reportedly reject any formal £800m offer for the club.	business
Booming markets shed few tears The market, former British government minister Michael Heseltine once said, has no morality.	business
ID theft surge hits US consumers Almost a quarter of a million US consumers complained of being targeted for identity theft in 2004, official figures suggest.	business
News Corp eyes video games market News Corp, the media company controlled by Australian billionaire Rupert Murdoch, is eyeing a move into the video games market.	business
China Aviation seeks rescue deal Scandal-hit jet fuel supplier China Aviation Oil has offered to repay its creditors $220m (£117m) of the $550m it lost on trading in oil futures.	business
Indy buys into India paper Irish publishing group Independent News & Media is buying up a 26% stake in Indian newspaper company Jagran in a deal worth 25m euros ($34.1m).	business
Deadline nears for Fiat-GM deal Fiat and General Motors (GM) have until midnight on 1 February to settle a disagreement over a potential takeover.	business
India's Deccan seals $1.8bn deal Air Deccan has ordered 30 Airbus A320 planes in a $1.8bn (£931m) deal as India's first low-cost airline expands in the fast-growing domestic market.	business
Laura Ashley chief stepping down Laura Ashley is parting company with its chief executive Ainum Mohd-Saaid.	business
French suitor holds LSE meeting European stock market Euronext has met with the London Stock Exchange (LSE) amid speculation that it may be ready to launch a cash bid.	business
Giving financial gifts to children Your child or grandchild may want the latest toy this Christmas, but how about giving them a present that will help their financial future?	business
Troubled Marsh under SEC scrutiny The US stock market regulator is investigating troubled insurance broker Marsh & McLennan's shareholder transactions, the firm has said.	business
Qwest may spark MCI bidding war US phone company Qwest has said it will table a new offer for MCI after losing out to larger rival Verizon, setting the scene for a possible bidding war.	business
Argentina closes $102.6bn debt swap Argentina is set to close its $102.6bn (£53.51bn) debt restructuring offer for bondholders later on Friday, with the government hopeful that most creditors will accept the deal.	business
S Korean consumers spending again South Korea looks set to sustain its revival thanks to renewed private consumption, its central bank says.	business
Dollar hits new low versus euro The US dollar has continued its record-breaking slide and has tumbled to a new low against the euro.	business
Worldcom ex-boss launches defence Lawyers defending former WorldCom chief Bernie Ebbers against a battery of fraud charges have called a company whistleblower as their first witness.	business
Kraft cuts snack ads for children Kraft plans to cut back on advertising of products like Oreo cookies and sugary Kool-Aid drinks as part of an effort to promote healthy eating.	business
Alfa Romeos 'to get GM engines' Fiat is to stop making six-cylinder petrol engines for its sporty Alfa Romeo subsidiary, unions at the Italian carmaker have said.	business
Nasdaq planning $100m share sale The owner of the technology-dominated Nasdaq stock index plans to sell shares to the public and list itself on the market it operates.	business
Argentina, Venezuela in oil deal Argentina and Venezuela have extended a food-for-oil deal, which helped the former to overcome a severe energy crisis last year.	business
Egypt to sell off state-owned bank The Egyptian government is reportedly planning to privatise one of the country's big public banks.	business
Winn-Dixie files for bankruptcy US supermarket group Winn-Dixie has filed for bankruptcy protection after succumbing to stiff competition in a market dominated by Wal-Mart.	business
Bad weather hits Nestle sales A combination of bad weather, rising raw material costs and the sluggish European economy has hit sales at Swiss food and drink giant Nestle.	business
Egypt and Israel seal trade deal In a sign of a thaw in relations between Egypt and Israel, the two countries have signed a trade protocol with the US, allowing Egyptian goods made in partnership with Israeli firms free access to American markets.	business
Venezuela identifies 'idle' farms Venezuelan authorities have identified more than 500 farms, including 56 large estates, as idle as it continues with its controversial land reform policy.	business
Cairn shares up on new oil find Shares in Cairn Energy have jumped 6% after the firm said an Indian oilfield was larger than previously thought.	business
France Telecom gets Orange boost Strong growth in subscriptions to mobile phone network Orange has helped boost profits at owner France Telecom.	business
Small firms 'hit by rising costs' Rising fuel and materials costs are hitting confidence among the UK's small manufacturers despite a rise in output, business lobby group the CBI says.	business
Bush to get 'tough' on deficit US president George W Bush has pledged to introduce a "tough" federal budget next February in a bid to halve the country's deficit in five years.	business
Home loan approvals rising again The number of mortgages approved in the UK has risen for the first time since May last year, according to lending figures from the Bank of England.	business
Bombardier chief to leave company Shares in train and plane-making giant Bombardier have fallen to a 10-year low following the departure of its chief executive and two members of the board.	business
Dollar gains on Greenspan speech The dollar has hit its highest level against the euro in almost three months after the Federal Reserve head said the US trade deficit is set to stabilise.	business
Police detain Chinese milk bosses Chinese police have detained three top executives at milk firm Yili, with reports suggesting that they are being investigated for embezzlement.	business
Market unfazed by Aurora setback As the Aurora limped back to its dock on 20 January, a blizzard of photos and interviews seemed to add up to an unambiguous tale of woe.	business
US insurer Marsh cuts 2,500 jobs Up to 2,500 jobs are to go at US insurance broker Marsh & McLennan in a shake up following bigger-than-expected losses.	business
Euronext joins bid battle for LSE Pan-European stock market Euronext has approached the London Stock Exchange (LSE) about a possible takeover bid.	business
Umbro profits lifted by Euro 2004 UK sportswear firm Umbro has posted a 222% rise in annual profit after sales of replica England football kits were boosted by the Euro 2004 tournament.	business
Consumers drive French economy France's economic growth accelerated in the last three months of 2004, driven by consumer spending, a report shows.	business
House prices drop as sales slow House prices fell further in November and property sale times lengthened as rate rises took their toll, the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors found.	business
EMI shares hit by profit warning Shares in music giant EMI have sunk by more than 16% after the firm issued a profit warning following disappointing sales and delays to two album releases.	business
FBI agent colludes with analyst A former FBI agent and an internet stock picker have been found guilty of using confidential US government information to manipulate stock prices.	business
Industrial revival hope for Japan Japanese industry is growing faster than expected, boosting hopes that the country's retreat back into recession is over.	business
Dollar slides ahead of New Year The US dollar has hit a new record low against the euro and analysts predict that more declines are likely in 2005.	business
Ad sales boost Time Warner profit Quarterly profits at US media giant TimeWarner jumped 76% to $1.13bn (£600m) for the three months to December, from $639m year-earlier.	business
Five million Germans out of work Germany's unemployment figure rose above the psychologically important level of five million last month.	business
Boeing unveils new 777 aircraft US aircraft firm Boeing has unveiled its new long-distance 777 plane, as it tries to regain its position as the industry's leading manufacturer.	business
Gazprom 'in $36m back-tax claim' The nuclear unit of Russian energy giant Gazprom is reportedly facing a 1bn rouble ($35.7m; £19.1m) back-tax claim for the 2001-2003 period.	business
S Korean lender faces liquidation Creditors of South Korea's top credit card firm have said they will put the company into liquidation if its ex-parent firm fails to back a bail-out.	business
Parmalat sues 45 banks over crash Parmalat has sued 45 banks as it tries to reclaim money paid to banks before the scandal-hit Italian dairy company went bust last year.	business
Chinese dam firm 'defies Beijing' The China Three Gorges Project Corp is refusing to obey a government order to stop construction of one of its giant dams, the Chinese state press has said.	business
News Corp eyes video games market News Corp, the media company controlled by Australian billionaire Rupert Murdoch, is eyeing a move into the video games market.	business
Monsanto fined $1.5m for bribery The US agrochemical giant Monsanto has agreed to pay a $1.5m (£799,000) fine for bribing an Indonesian official.	business
Jarvis sells Tube stake to Spain Shares in engineering group Jarvis have soared more than 16% on news that it is offloading its stake in London underground consortium Tube Lines.	business
Singapore growth at 8.1% in 2004 Singapore's economy grew by 8.1% in 2004, its best performance since 2000, figures from the trade ministry show.	business
House prices suffer festive fall UK house prices fell 0.7% in December, according to figures from the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister.	business
US regulator to rule on pain drug US food and drug regulators will decide on Friday whether to recommend the sale of painkillers that have been linked to a high risk of heart attack and stroke.	business
Ad firm WPP's profits surge 15% UK advertising giant WPP has posted larger-than-expected annual profits and predicted that it will outperform the market in 2005.	business
US industrial output growth eases US industrial production continued to rise in November, albeit at a slower pace than the previous month.	business
Metlife buys up Citigroup insurer US banking giant Citigroup has sold its Travelers Life & Annuity insurance arm to Metlife for $11.5bn (£6.1bn).	business
BMW reveals new models pipeline BMW is preparing to enter the market for car-style people carriers, the firm's chief has told BBC News.	business
Algeria hit by further gas riots Algeria suffered a weekend of violent protests against government plans to raise gas prices, local press reports.	business
Tsunami slows Sri Lanka's growth Sri Lanka's president has launched a reconstruction drive worth $3.5bn (£1.8bn) by appealing for peace and national unity.	business
House prices show slight increase Prices of homes in the UK rose a seasonally adjusted 0.5% in February, says the Nationwide building society.	business
Turkey turns on the economic charm Three years after a gruelling economic crisis, Turkey has dressed its economy to impress.	business
Deutsche attacks Yukos case German investment bank Deutsche Bank has challenged the right of Yukos to claim bankruptcy protection in the US.	business
Mild winter drives US oil down 6% US oil prices have fallen by 6%, driven down by forecasts of a mild winter in the densely populated northeast.	business
Japan economy slides to recession The Japanese economy has officially gone back into recession for the fourth time in a decade.	business
Nigeria to boost cocoa production The government of Nigeria is hoping to triple cocoa production over the next three years with the launch of an ambitious development programme.	business
Salary scandal in Cameroon Cameroon says widespread corruption in its finance ministry has cost it 1bn CFA francs ($2m; £1m) a month.	business
China continues breakneck growth China's economy has expanded by a breakneck 9.5% during 2004, faster than predicted and well above 2003's 9.1%.	business
SA unveils 'more for all' budget The South African government has put tax cuts and increased social spending at the centre of its latest budget.	business
Bank set to leave rates on hold UK interest rates are set to remain on hold at 4.75% following the latest meeting of the Bank of England.	business
Fresh hope after Argentine crisis Three years after Argentina was hit by a deadly economic crisis, there is fresh hope.	business
Unilever shake up as profit slips Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant Unilever is to merge its two management boards after reporting "unsatisfactory" earnings for 2004.	business
Pernod takeover talk lifts Domecq Shares in UK drinks and food firm Allied Domecq have risen on speculation that it could be the target of a takeover by France's Pernod Ricard.	business
German business confidence slides German business confidence fell in February knocking hopes of a speedy recovery in Europe's largest economy.	business
John Peel replacement show begins The permanent replacement for late DJ John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show goes on air on Tuesday, with three hosts chosen to fill the legendary presenter's slot.	entertainment
Baghdad Blogger on big screen A film based on the internet musings of the "Baghdad Blogger" has been shown at the Rotterdam Film Festival.	entertainment
Slater to star in Broadway play Actor Christian Slater is stepping into the role of Tom in the Broadway revival of The Glass Menagerie.	entertainment
Tautou film tops Cesar prize nods French film A Very Long Engagement has received 12 nominations for France's Cesar film awards, despite a recent ruling it was "not French enough".	entertainment
De Niro film leads US box office Film star Robert De Niro has returned to the top of the North American box office with his film Hide and Seek.	entertainment
Rock star sued by ex-girlfriend Motley Crue guitarist Mick Mars is being sued by his ex-girlfriend for $10 million (£5.4 million), claiming he broke a promise to take care of her.	entertainment
Deal to ban 'homophobic' reggae The reggae industry is to refuse to release or stage concerts featuring homophobic songs under a global deal struck with gay rights groups.	entertainment
Day-Lewis set for Berlin honour Actor Daniel Day-Lewis is to be presented with an award for his career in film at the Berlin Film Festival.	entertainment
West End to honour finest shows The West End is honouring its finest stars and shows at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards in London on Monday.	entertainment
German music in a 'zombie' state The German music business - the third largest in the world - is "in the state of a zombie" because it has failed to respond to the challenge posed by downloading and piracy, a leading industry figure has said.	entertainment
Triple triumph for Little Britain Top TV cult hit Little Britain has triumphed over The Office at the 15th annual British Comedy Awards.	entertainment
Low-budget film wins Cesar A film that follows a group of alienated youth in a Paris suburb as they prepare to perform an 18th Century play has won France's top cinema award.	entertainment
Children vote Shrek 2 best film Young UK film fans voted animated Hollywood hit Shrek 2 best film at the children's Bafta awards on Sunday.	entertainment
Adventure tale tops awards Young book fans have voted Fergus Crane, a story about a boy who is taken on an adventure by a flying horse, the winner of two Smarties Book Prizes.	entertainment
Berlin cheers for anti-Nazi film A German movie about an anti-Nazi resistance heroine has drawn loud applause at Berlin Film Festival.	entertainment
Day-Lewis set for Berlin honour Actor Daniel Day-Lewis is to be presented with an award for his career in film at the Berlin Film Festival.	entertainment
The Producers scoops stage awards The Producers has beaten Mary Poppins in the battle of the blockbuster West End musicals at the Olivier Awards.	entertainment
Eurovision 'greats' to do battle Stars of the Eurovision Song Contest from the show's 50-year history are to compete against each other to celebrate the contest's anniversary.	entertainment
Baywatch dubbed 'worst TV import' Surf show Baywatch has won the title of worst TV import of all time in a poll of UK television executives.	entertainment
Famed music director Viotti dies Conductor Marcello Viotti, director of Venice's famous La Fenice Theatre, has died in Germany at 50.	entertainment
Animation charms Japan box office Oscar-winning director Hayao Miyazaki's latest film has set a new Japanese box office record, with 1.5bn yen ($14.3m) in two days, according to reports.	entertainment
Public show for Reynolds portrait Sir Joshua Reynolds' Portrait of Omai will get a public airing following fears it would stay hidden because of an export wrangle.	entertainment
Brando 'rejected Godfather role' Late film star Marlon Brando is said to have repeatedly turned down his Oscar-winning role in The Godfather.	entertainment
Beastie Boys win sampling battle US rappers Beastie Boys have won their long-running battle over the use of a sample in their song Pass the Mic.	entertainment
Russian film wins BBC world prize Russian drama The Return (Vozvrashchenie) has been named winner of the BBC Four World Cinema Award.	entertainment
X Factor show gets second series TV talent show The X Factor is to return for a second series after being recommissioned by ITV.	entertainment
Original Exorcist to be screened The original version of horror prequel Exorcist: The Beginning, dropped by producers over claims it was not scary enough, is to have its world premiere.	entertainment
Wine comedy wins critics' award Quirky comedy Sideways was named the best film of the year by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association.	entertainment
Hitch holds on to US box office Will Smith's first romantic comedy, Hitch, has topped the North American box office for a second weekend.	entertainment
Celebrities get to stay in jungle All four contestants still remain in I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here as no evictions were made on the television show on Saturday.	entertainment
Hundreds vie for best film Oscar A total of 267 films are eligible for the best film Oscar but only five will be chosen to go forward as nominees.	entertainment
No ads for Passion Oscar campaign Producer Mel Gibson will not be using paid advertisements to promote The Passion of the Christ to voters in next year's Academy Awards.	entertainment
Spector facing more legal action Music producer Phil Spector is facing legal action from the mother of the actress he has been accused of killing.	entertainment
Berlin celebrates European cinema Organisers say this year's Berlin Film Festival, which opens on Thursday with period epic Man to Man, will celebrate a revitalised European cinema.	entertainment
Elton plays Paris charity concert Sir Elton John has performed at a special concert in Paris to raise money for the victims of the Asian tsunami.	entertainment
Celebrities get their skates on Former England footballer Paul Gascoigne will join EastEnders' actress Scarlett Johnson on BBC One's Strictly Ice Dancing.	entertainment
South Bank Awards honour hit soap Coronation Street has become the first soap to triumph at the South Bank Show Awards, which traditionally reward highbrow and groundbreaking culture.	entertainment
Sundance to honour foreign films International films will be given the same prominence as US films at next year's Sundance Film Festival, with movies dominated by the theme of war.	entertainment
Spider-Man creator wins profits Spider-Man creator Stan Lee is to get a multi-million dollar windfall after winning a court battle with comic book company Marvel.	entertainment
Fears raised over ballet future Fewer children in the UK are following in the dainty footsteps of dancers like Darcey Bussell, and carving out potential careers as ballet dancers.	entertainment
Abba reunite for musical premiere The original stars of Swedish pop quartet Abba have reunited for the home premiere of hit musical Mamma Mia! which is based on the band's songs.	entertainment
Hollywood hunts hits at Sundance The Sundance Film Festival, the movie industry's top destination for uncovering the next independent hits and new talent, opens on Thursday.	entertainment
School tribute for TV host Carson More than 1,000 people turned out on Sunday to pay tribute to late US TV presenter Johnny Carson in the Nebraska town where he grew up.	entertainment
Oscar nominees lack pulling power This year's clutch of Oscar nominees have been the least popular for 20 years according to box office figures.	entertainment
Music man to the Oscars Bill Conti's job of musical director of the Oscars show is not for the faint-hearted since conducting the orchestra is the ultimate plate-spinning assignment.	entertainment
Cult band Kasabian surge forward Indie dance band Kasabian built up a cult following throughout 2004 to secure three Brit Award nominations.	entertainment
Howl helps boost Japan's cinemas Japan's box office received a 3.8% boost last year, with ticket sales worth 211bn yen (£1.08bn).	entertainment
Jugnot 'tops French actor league' Actor Gerard Jugnot - star of the Oscar-nominated film The Chorus - has beaten Gerard Depardieu to become France's best-paid actor of 2004.	entertainment
Glasgow hosts tsunami benefit gig The top names in Scottish music are taking part in a benefit concert in aid of the victims of the Asian tsunami.	entertainment
Court halts Mark Morrison album Premiership footballer and record company boss Kevin Campbell has gained a court injunction stopping R&B singer Mark Morrison from releasing an album.	entertainment
Rapper Snoop Dogg sued for 'rape' US rapper Snoop Dogg has been sued for $25m (£13m) by a make-up artist who claimed he and his entourage drugged and raped her two years ago.	entertainment
&#163;1.8m indecency fine for Viacom Media giant Viacom has paid out $3.5m (£1.8m) to end investigations into indecency in its US radio and TV shows.	entertainment
Stars pay tribute to actor Davis Hollywood stars including Spike Lee, Burt Reynolds and Oscar nominee Alan Alda have paid tribute to actor Ossie Davis at a funeral in New York.	entertainment
Hillbillies singer Scoggins dies Country and Western musician Jerry Scoggins has died in Los Angeles at the age of 93, his family has said.	entertainment
Ray DVD beats box office takings Oscar-nominated film biopic Ray has surpassed its US box office takings with a combined tally of $80m (£43m) from DVD and video sales and rentals.	entertainment
Aviator 'creator' in Oscars snub The man who said he got Oscar-nominated movie The Aviator off the ground and signed up Leonardo DiCaprio has been shut out of the Academy Awards race.	entertainment
'Landmark movies' of 2004 hailed US film professionals have declared Fahrenheit 9/11 and The Passion of the Christ as two of the most significant cultural milestones of 2004.	entertainment
De Niro film leads US box office Film star Robert De Niro has returned to the top of the North American box office with his film Hide and Seek.	entertainment
Rap boss arrested over drug find Rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight has been arrested for violating his parole after he was allegedly found with marijuana.	entertainment
Gallery unveils interactive tree A Christmas tree that can receive text messages has been unveiled at London's Tate Britain art gallery.	entertainment
US 'afflicted' with awards fatigue The film world and media may be wild about the Oscars but cinema-goers and the TV-viewing public are sick of watching award ceremonies, according to some LA film critics.	entertainment
Comic Morris returns with sitcom Comedian Chris Morris, who created controversial TV show Brass Eye, is to return to screens with a new sitcom about a spoof London media worker.	entertainment
Controversial film tops festival A controversial film starring Hollywood actor Kevin Bacon as a convicted paedophile won top honours at the London Film Festival on Thursday.	entertainment
Little Britain vies for TV trophy BBC hits Little Britain and Strictly Come Dancing are among numerous British shows nominated for the prestigious Golden Rose television awards.	entertainment
Poppins musical gets flying start The stage adaptation of children's film Mary Poppins has had its opening night in London's West End.	entertainment
Band Aid 20 single storms to No 1 The new version of the Band Aid song Do They Know It's Christmas? has gone straight in at number one in the UK singles chart.	entertainment
Fry set for role in Hitchhiker's Actor Stephen Fry is joining the cast of the forthcoming film adaptation of The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy.	entertainment
Bangkok film festival battles on Organisers of the third Bangkok International Film Festival have been determined to carry on with this year's event despite the ravages of the Asian tsunami disaster.	entertainment
Top stars join US tsunami TV show Brad Pitt, Robert De Niro and Hugh Grant have been added to the line-up for a two-hour US TV special to raise money for victims of the Asian tsunami.	entertainment
Soul sensation ready for awards South West teenage singing sensation, Joss Stone, has been nominated in three categories in Wednesday's Brit awards.	entertainment
Ray DVD beats box office takings Oscar-nominated film biopic Ray has surpassed its US box office takings with a combined tally of $80m (£43m) from DVD and video sales and rentals.	entertainment
Brookside creator's Channel 4 bid The creator of defunct TV soap Brookside has written to the culture minister to offer to buy Channel 4.	entertainment
France set for new Da Vinci novel French booksellers are braced for a rush of interest after another book from the author of The Da Vinci Code is translated into French.	entertainment
Downloads enter US singles chart Digital music downloads are being included in the main US singles chart for the first time.	entertainment
Early Elvis recordings go on sale Some of Elvis Presley's earliest recordings - including takes of All Shook Up - are going under the hammer on Sunday at a Los Angeles auction.	entertainment
A-listers flock to Gervais sitcom Hollywood actors Samuel L Jackson and Ben Stiller have signed up for Ricky Gervais' new sitcom, the comedian has told BBC News.	entertainment
Wal-Mart is sued over rude lyrics The parents of a 13-year-old girl are suing US supermarket giant Wal-Mart over a CD by rock group Evanescence that contains swear words.	entertainment
New York rockers top talent poll New York electro-rock group The Bravery have come top of the BBC News website's Sound of 2005 poll to find the music scene's most promising new act.	entertainment
Beatles suits sell for $110,000 Four suits worn by the Beatles on their Please Please Me album cover have sold for $110,00 (£59,000) at a US auction.	entertainment
Top of the Pops leaves BBC One The BBC's flagship pop music programme Top of the Pops is to move from BBC One on Fridays to Sundays on BBC Two.	entertainment
Roundabout continues nostalgia trip The new big-screen version of The Magic Roundabout, released in the UK on Friday, is the latest attempt to turn children's television into box-office gold.	entertainment
US actor Ossie Davis found dead US actor Ossie Davis has been found dead at the age of 87.	entertainment
Aaliyah claim dismissed by court Late R&B star Aaliyah's record company has failed in an attempt to sue the video producer who booked the ill-fated flight on which she died in 2001.	entertainment
God cut from Dark Materials film The director and screenwriter of the film adaptation of Philip Pullman's His Dark Materials is to remove references to God and the church in the movie.	entertainment
Mogul Wilson backing UK rap band Tony Wilson, the music mogul who established the influential Factory Records in the 1980s, is to launch a new label - convinced he has discovered his "third major band".	entertainment
US charity anthem is re-released We Are The World, the American charity anthem inspired by the success of Band Aid, has been re-issued to raise money for Aids research and tsunami victims.	entertainment
Russian film wins BBC world prize Russian drama The Return (Vozvrashchenie) has been named winner of the BBC Four World Cinema Award.	entertainment
Hard act to follow for OutKast US rap duo OutKast's trio of trophies at the MTV Europe Awards crowns a year of huge success for the band.	entertainment
J-Lo and husband plan debut duet Singers Jennifer Lopez and husband Marc Anthony, a Latin pop star, are to perform a duet at this month's Grammy Awards in Los Angeles.	entertainment
Tautou 'to star in Da Vinci film' French actress Audrey Tautou, star of hit film Amelie, will play the female lead in the film adaptation of The Da Vinci Code, it has been reported.	entertainment
Fockers keeps US box office lead Film comedy Meet The Fockers, sequel to Meet The Parents, has topped the US box office for a third week.	entertainment
Keanu Reeves given Hollywood star Actor Keanu Reeves, best known for his role in the Matrix movies, has been awarded a star on the prestigious Hollywood Walk of Fame.	entertainment
US TV special for tsunami relief A US television network will screen a celebrity TV special to benefit the tsunami relief effort in South Asia.	entertainment
Duran Duran show set for US TV Chart stars Duran Duran are to appear in a VH1 special in the US including interviews and concert footage.	entertainment
Eastwood's Baby scoops top Oscars Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby beat Martin Scorsese's The Aviator to the top awards at the Oscars on Sunday.	entertainment
Ocean's Twelve raids box office Ocean's Twelve, the crime caper sequel starring George Clooney, Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts, has gone straight to number one in the US box office chart.	entertainment
Vera Drake scoops film award Oscar hopefuls Mike Leigh and Imelda Staunton were both winners at the 2004 Evening Standard British Film Awards.	entertainment
Berlin applauds Hotel Rwanda Political thriller Hotel Rwanda was given a rousing reception by spectators at the Berlin Film Festival on Saturday.	entertainment
Actor Scott is new Bond favourite Bookmaker William Hill has stopped taking bets on who will be the next James Bond, following a succession of large wagers on actor Dougray Scott.	entertainment
Actor Foxx sees Globe nominations US actor Jamie Foxx has been given two nominations for Golden Globe awards, with Meryl Streep, Morgan Freeman and Cate Blanchett also up for prizes.	entertainment
Pupils to get anti-piracy lessons Lessons on music piracy and copyright issues are to be taught to secondary school pupils in the UK.	entertainment
Greer attacks 'bully' Big Brother Germaine Greer has criticised Celebrity Big Brother's "bullying" of housemates after quitting the reality TV show.	entertainment
Tough schedule delays Elliot show Preview performances of the £3m musical Billy Elliot have been delayed to give the child actors a less arduous rehearsal schedule.	entertainment
Film production 'falls' 40% in UK The number of British films produced in the UK fell 40% in 2004, with movies starring Johnny Depp and Jude Law among those affected, Screen Daily has said.	entertainment
Queen recruit singer for new tour The remaining members of rock band Queen are to go on tour next year with former Free and Bad Company singer Paul Rodgers taking Freddie Mercury's place.	entertainment
Ethnic producers 'face barriers' Minority ethnic led (Mel) production companies face barriers in succeeding in the film and television industries, research has suggested.	entertainment
The comic book genius of Stan Lee Stan Lee, the man responsible for a string of comic superheroes that have become household names, has won a court battle for a slice of the profits from the hit Spider-Man movies.	entertainment
Lit Idol begins search for author The second Pop Idol-style search for literary talent has begun with the help of the brother of Simon Cowell.	entertainment
Ten-year tragedy of missing Manic Richey Edwards, guitarist and lyricist for The Manic Street Preachers, vanished 10 years ago, on 1 February 1995. His disappearance remains one of the most tragic mysteries in rock music.	entertainment
BBC to pour £9m into new comedy The BBC is to invest £9m in developing new comedy and entertainment programmes outside London.	entertainment
Bookmakers back Aviator for Oscar The Aviator has been tipped by UK bookmakers as the favourite to win the best film award at this year's Oscars.	entertainment
Redford's vision of Sundance Despite sporting a corduroy cap pulled low over his face plus a pair of dark glasses, Robert Redford cuts an unmistakable figure through the star-struck crowds at Sundance.	entertainment
Horror film heads US box office A low-budget horror film produced by Evil Dead director Sam Raimi has topped the North American box office.	entertainment
Career honour for actor DiCaprio Actor Leonardo DiCaprio's "exceptional career" has been honoured at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival.	entertainment
Corbett attacks 'dumbed-down TV' Ronnie Corbett has joined fellow comedy stars Victoria Wood and David Jason in attacking the declining standards of British television programmes.	entertainment
Prodigy join V Festival line-up Essex act Prodigy are to headline the second stage at this year's V Festival, joining main stage headliners Scissor Sisters and Franz Ferdinand.	entertainment
Eminem beats Elvis to number one Rapper Eminem has denied Elvis his fourth number one of the year, after his song, Like Toy Soldiers, stormed to the top of the singles charts.	entertainment
TV show unites Angolan families Angolan families who are attempting to track each other down, after being separated by nearly 30 years of war, are succeeding thanks to a hugely popular TV show.	entertainment
Rocker Doherty in on-stage fight Rock singer Pete Doherty has been involved in a fight with his band's guitarist at their biggest gig to date.	entertainment
Prince crowned 'top music earner' Prince earned more than any other pop star in 2004, beating artists such Madonna and Elton John in US magazine Rolling Stone's annual list.	entertainment
Hendrix guitar fetches £100,000 A much-loved guitar belonging to Jimi Hendrix has been sold for £100,000 at an auction in London.	entertainment
Charity single for quake relief Singers including Sir Cliff Richard and Boy George are recording a charity single to help raise funds for victims of the Asian tsunami.	entertainment
Parker's saxophone heads auction A saxophone belonging to legendary jazz musician Charlie Parker is expected to fetch up to $1m (£535,000) at an auction of jazz memorabilia next month.	entertainment
De Niro completes box office coup Robert De Niro has completed a transatlantic box office double by topping the UK and US film charts with two different films at the same time.	entertainment
OutKast win at MTV Europe Awards US hip-hop duo OutKast have capped a year of award glory with three prizes at the MTV Europe Music Awards in Rome.	entertainment
Arthur Hailey: King of the bestsellers Novelist Arthur Hailey, who has died at the age of 84, was known for his bestselling page-turners exploring the inner workings of various industries, from the hotels to high finance.	entertainment
Da Vinci Code is 'lousy history' The plot of an international bestseller that thousands of readers are likely to receive as a Christmas present is 'laughable', a clergyman has said.	entertainment
Oscar host Rock to keep it clean Oscar host Chris Rock said he will steer clear of bad language when he fronts the awards on 27 February.	entertainment
Usher leads Soul Train shortlist Chart-topping R&B star Usher is leading the field at this year's Soul Train Awards, with five nominations.	entertainment
Brookside actress Keaveney dies Actress Anna Keaveney, who appeared in Brookside, My Family and A Touch of Frost, has died of lung cancer aged 55.	entertainment
Levy tipped for Whitbread prize Novelist Andrea Levy is favourite to win the main Whitbread Prize book of the year award, after winning novel of the year with her book Small Island.	entertainment
Film star Fox behind theatre bid Leading actor Edward Fox is one of the men behind plans to reopen a Swansea theatre thought to be Wales' oldest.	entertainment
Chris Evans back on the market Broadcaster Chris Evans has begun selling thousands of his possessions from a stall in Camden Market, London.	entertainment
Obituary: Dame Alicia Markova Dame Alicia Markova, who has died in Bath aged 94, was the UK's first prima ballerina of the modern age, and, in her heyday, the greatest in the western world.	entertainment
No charges against TV's Cosby US comedian Bill Cosby will not face charges stemming from an allegation of sexual misconduct.	entertainment
Vera Drake's Bafta triumph hope At the Bafta film awards on Saturday night, there is the prospect that a home-grown movie could walk off with a clutch of trophies.	entertainment
Paraguay novel wins US book prize A novel set in 19th century Paraguay has won the $10,000 (£5,390) fiction prize at the US National Book Awards.	entertainment
Scissor Sisters triumph at Brits US band Scissor Sisters led the winners at the UK music industry's Brit Awards, walking off with three prizes. The flamboyant act scored a hat-trick in the international categories, winning the best group, best album and best newcomer awards. Glasgow group Franz Ferdinand won two prizes, as did Keane and Joss Stone, who was voted best urban act by digital TV viewers. Robbie Williams' Angels was named the best song of the past 25 years. Scissor Sisters frontwoman Ana Matronic collected the best international album prize from singer Siouxsie Sioux. She told the audience: "If you told us a year ago we would be getting these awards today we would have called you crazy. You guys made our dream come true."	entertainment
Youssou N'Dour wins music prize Senegalese musician Youssou N'Dour has been named a winner of a BBC Radio 3 World Music Award.	entertainment
Fightstar take to the stage Charlie Simpson took his new band Fightstar to the stage on Friday night, just hours after officially announcing his departure from pop band Busted.	entertainment
T in the Park sells out in days Tickets for Scotland's biggest music festival have sold out in record time, five months before the event is held.	entertainment
Bening makes awards breakthrough Film actress Annette Bening is up for an Oscar for her starring role in the award-winning film Being Julia.	entertainment
Carry On star Patsy Rowlands dies Actress Patsy Rowlands, known to millions for her roles in the Carry On films, has died at the age of 71.	entertainment
No UK premiere for Rings musical The producers behind the Lord of the Rings musical have abandoned plans to premiere the show in London because no suitable theatre was available.	entertainment
Elvis fans hold birthday bash Elvis fans around the world have been marking the legendary singer's 70th birthday on Saturday.	entertainment
Aviator and Vera take Bafta glory Hollywood blockbuster The Aviator and low-budget British movie Vera Drake have shared the main honours at the 2005 Bafta film awards. The Aviator was declared best film, and its star Cate Blanchett won best supporting actress. But Vera Drake scored best director for Mike Leigh while Imelda Staunton took the hotly contested best actress award. Jamie Foxx won best actor for Ray, while British actor Clive Owen took best supporting actor for Closer. The two actors have repeated their success at the Golden Globes in January. But big British hope Kate Winslet walked away empty-handed on Saturday despite two nominations for best actress. Celebrating his win, the Oscar-nominated Owen told reporters: "The whole award season is new to me because I haven't won anything before. All of that is a bit overwhelming." Blanchett, who won a Bafta in 1999 for her leading role in Elizabeth, said: "Winning a Bafta means an enormous amount to me." She thanked the woman she played, Katharine Hepburn, for paving the way for women to work in film. "Thank you very much, I'm sure you're pleased, although you're not able to see this," she said.	entertainment
Elvis 'set for chart hat-trick' The late US legend Elvis Presley is likely to score his third UK number one single in three weeks on Sunday, according to early sales figures.	entertainment
Stars pay tribute to actor Davis Hollywood stars including Spike Lee, Burt Reynolds and Oscar nominee Alan Alda have paid tribute to actor Ossie Davis at a funeral in New York.	entertainment
Rock band U2 break ticket record U2 have smashed Irish box office records with ticket sales for their Dublin concerts, after more than 150,000 were sold within 50 minutes.	entertainment
Spears seeks aborted tour payment Singer Britney Spears is suing eight insurance companies that have refused to reimburse her for cancelling her 2004 world tour.	entertainment
Brits return Keane to number one Brits success has helped return Keane's award-winning album Hopes and Fears back to the top of the UK album chart.	entertainment
Dirty Den's demise seen by 14m More than 14 million people saw "Dirty" Den Watts killed off on Friday, marking EastEnders' 20th anniversary, according to unofficial figures.	entertainment
New media battle for Bafta awards The BBC leads the nominations for the Bafta Interactive Awards, including one for the Radio Times website and one for Sport Interactive's Euro 2004 coverage.	entertainment
Rapper films music video in jail A US rapper awaiting trial for murder has filmed part of a music video in jail, angering a sheriff who says he was tricked into letting TV crews in.	entertainment
Hollywood ready for Oscars night Hollywood is preparing for the biggest night in the film world's calendar, the 77th Academy Awards, on Sunday.	entertainment
Super Size Me wins writers' award Super Size Me director Morgan Spurlock has won the Writers Guild of America's award for documentary feature writing.	entertainment
Help for indies in download sales A campaign has been launched to help independent labels get their music online and benefit from the growing trend for downloading music.	entertainment
'Christmas song formula' unveiled A formula for the ultimate Christmas single has been revealed by chart bible British Hit Singles and Albums.	entertainment
Snow Patrol bassist exits group Snow Patrol had "no other course of action" but to ask their co-founder and bassist to leave the band, lead singer Gary Lightbody has said.	entertainment
Grammys honour soul star Charles The memory of soul legend Ray Charles dominated the music world's leading music ceremony on Sunday as he was given eight posthumous Grammy Awards.	entertainment
Goodrem wins top female MTV prize Pop singer Delta Goodrem has scooped one of the top individual prizes at the first Australian MTV Music Awards.	entertainment
Doves soar to UK album summit Manchester rock band Doves have entered the UK album chart at number one with their new release, Some Cities.	entertainment
Black Sabbath top rock album poll Black Sabbath have topped a list of the best British rock albums of all time.	entertainment
Oscars race enters final furlong The race for the Oscars entered its final stages as the deadline for voters to choose their winners passed.	entertainment
Usher leads Billboard nominations R&B singer Usher is leading the race for the Billboard awards with nominations in 13 categories, including best male.	entertainment
Three DJs replace Peel radio show The late John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show is to be succeeded in February by three shows hosted by three DJs focusing on diverse, non-commercial music.	entertainment
Veteran comic Cyril Fletcher dies Veteran comedian and broadcaster Cyril Fletcher has died aged 91 at his home in Guernsey.	entertainment
'Comeback' show for Friends star Friends actress Lisa Kudrow is to play the lead role in a new series about a one-time sitcom star, according to the Hollywood reporter.	entertainment
Smith loses US box office crown New comedy Diary of a Mad Black Woman has ended Will Smith's reign at the top of the North American box office.	entertainment
French honour for director Parker British film director Sir Alan Parker has been made an officer in the Order of Arts and Letters, one of France's highest cultural honours.	entertainment
Howl helps boost Japan's cinemas Japan's box office received a 3.8% boost last year, with ticket sales worth 211bn yen (£1.08bn).	entertainment
Uganda bans Vagina Monologues Uganda's authorities have banned the play The Vagina Monologues, due to open in the capital, Kampala this weekend.	entertainment
Berlin hails European cinema Organisers say this year's Berlin Film Festival, which opens on Thursday with period epic Man to Man, will celebrate a revitalised European cinema.	entertainment
Box office blow for Alexander Director Oliver Stone's historical epic Alexander has failed in its bid to conquer the box office, entering the US film charts at number six.	entertainment
Lasting influence of legend Charles Ray Charles, who has won a string of posthumous Grammy Awards, belonged to a pioneering generation of artists that had a huge influence on the course of rock and pop music.	entertainment
Spirit awards hail Sideways The comedy Sideways has dominated this year's Independent Spirit Awards, winning all six of the awards for which it was nominated.	entertainment
Robots march to US cinema summit Animated movie Robots has opened at the top of the US and Canada box office chart, taking $36.5m (£19m) on its first weekend on release.	entertainment
Download chart debut is delayed The inclusion of downloaded music in the official singles chart has been delayed for a month.	entertainment
iTunes now selling Band Aid song Ipod owners can now download the Band Aid single from iTunes after Apple reached agreement with the charity.	entertainment
Tarantino 'to make Friday sequel' Director Quentin Tarantino is in talks to write and direct a new instalment in the Friday the 13th horror franchise, according to the Hollywood Reporter.	entertainment
Bookmakers back Aviator for Oscar The Aviator has been tipped by UK bookmakers as the favourite to win the best film award at this year's Oscars.	entertainment
Ring of Fire hit co-writer dies Merle Kilgore, co-writer of the country hit Ring of Fire, has died of congestive heart failure aged 70.	entertainment
Jungle TV show ratings drop by 4m The finale of ITV1's I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here drew an average of 10.9m viewers - about four million fewer than the previous series.	entertainment
Downloads enter US singles chart Digital music downloads are being included in the main US singles chart for the first time.	entertainment
Oscar nominee Dan O'Herlihy dies Irish actor Dan O'Herlihy, who was nominated for best actor at the 1955 Oscars, has died at the age of 85.	entertainment
Volcano drama erupts on BBC One Supervolcano, a docu-drama about a volcanic eruption in Yellowstone National Park in the US, is among the highlights on the BBC One this winter.	entertainment
Singer Sizzla jailed for swearing Reggae star Sizzla, whose UK tour was cancelled after protests at his "anti-gay" lyrics, has been jailed in Jamaica for swearing on stage.	entertainment
CSI shows give 'unrealistic view' People have unrealistic expectations of forensic science thanks to the success of the CSI TV shows, real experts say.	entertainment
REM announce new Glasgow concert US band REM have announced plans to perform for 10,000 Scottish fans in a rescheduled gig.	entertainment
Willis sues over movie 'injury' Actor Bruce Willis is suing Revolution Studios over an injury he said he suffered while making Tears of the Sun.	entertainment
Stars shine on Bafta red carpet Hollywood stars brought a touch of glamour to London on Saturday for the biggest night in the British film calendar.	entertainment
REM concerts blighted by illness US rock band REM have been forced to cancel concerts after bass player Mike Mills was taken to hospital suffering from "severe flu-like symptoms".	entertainment
Joy Division story to become film The life of late Joy Division singer Ian Curtis is to be made into a film, it has been announced.	entertainment
Hoffman hits out over modern film Hollywood legend Dustin Hoffman has hit out at the quality of current films and theatre productions.	entertainment
Levy takes Whitbread novel prize Orange Prize winner Andrea Levy has seen her book Small Island win the Whitbread Novel of the Year Award.	entertainment
Legendary music studio to close The New York music studio where John Lennon spent his final hours is to close next month.	entertainment
Blue beat U2 to top France honour Irish band U2 have been honoured at France's biggest music awards, but were beaten to a prize by boy band Blue.	entertainment
Ocean's Twelve raids box office Ocean's Twelve, the crime caper sequel starring George Clooney, Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts, has gone straight to number one in the US box office chart.	entertainment
Rapper 50 Cent scores chart first Rapper 50 Cent has become the first solo artist to have three singles in the US top five in the same week.	entertainment
Richard and Judy choose top books The 10 authors shortlisted for a Richard and Judy book award in 2005 are hoping for a boost in sales following the success of this year's winner.	entertainment
Church urges Nelly show boycott Church ministers are trying to prevent rapper Nelly performing in Arkansas, saying they do not want his "vile and filthy lyrics" in their town.	entertainment
Branson show flops on US screens Entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson's US TV show, The Rebel Billionaire, is proving a flop in the ratings.	entertainment
Campaigners attack MTV 'sleaze' MTV has been criticised for "incessant sleaze" by television indecency campaigners in the US.	entertainment
Portishead back after eight years Cult British group Portishead have revealed they are writing their third album, their first in eight years.	entertainment
Muslim group attacks TV drama 24 A British Muslim group has criticised the new series of US drama 24, which is about to be aired on Sky One, claiming it portrays Islam unfairly.	entertainment
Britney attacks 'false tabloids' Pop star Britney Spears has attacked "false" and "desperate" US tabloid magazines, questioning their honesty after they reported she was pregnant.	entertainment
Arnold congratulated on Oscar win Oscar-winner Andrea Arnold has been congratulated by the UK Film Council, the organisation which partly funded her project.	entertainment
Wine comedy up for six film gongs Sideways, a wine-tasting comedy starring Paul Giamatti, is up for six Independent Spirit Awards, the art-house version of the Oscars.	entertainment
Incredibles win animation awards The Incredibles movie has beaten Shrek 2 to the main prizes at Hollywood's animation awards, the Annies.	entertainment
Fockers retain film chart crown Comedy Meet The Fockers has held on to the number one spot at the North American box office for a second week.	entertainment
Shark Tale DVD is US best-seller Oscar-nominated animation Shark Tale has raked in $80m (£42.4m) in the first week of its US DVD release becoming the year's best-selling home video so far.	entertainment
Films on war triumph at Sundance A study of the United States at war in the past 50 years has picked up one of the main awards at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival in Utah, in the US.	entertainment
DJ double act revamp chart show DJ duo JK and Joel are taking over BBC Radio 1's flagship chart show on Sunday, adding showbiz news, celebrity interviews and between-song banter.	entertainment
Lopez misses UK charity premiere Jennifer Lopez cancelled an appearance at the UK charity premiere of her new movie saying she was too ill to fly.	entertainment
Snicket tops US box office chart The film adaptation of Lemony Snicket novels has topped the North America box office chart, displacing Ocean's 12.	entertainment
Stars gear up for Bafta ceremony Film stars from across the globe are preparing to walk the red carpet at this year's Bafta award ceremony.	entertainment
Musical treatment for Capra film The classic film It's A Wonderful Life is to be turned into a musical by the producer of the controversial hit show Jerry Springer - The Opera.	entertainment
Oscar nominees gear up for lunch Leonardo DiCaprio, Jamie Foxx and Hilary Swank are among those due to attend this year's Oscar nominees luncheon on Monday.	entertainment
Abba queen enters music rich list The woman behind the Abba musical Mamma Mia! has joined a list of British-based music millionaires.	entertainment
US 'to raise TV indecency fines' US politicians are proposing a tough new law aimed at cracking down on indecency and bad language on US TV.	entertainment
Singer's film to show at festival A documentary which takes a candid look at the life of chart-topping singer George Michael will be shown at this year's Berlin Film Festival.	entertainment
Sky takes over Oscar night mantle Sky has signed a major new deal to broadcast this year's Academy Awards, taking over from three years of live Oscar coverage on the BBC.	entertainment
BBC 'should allow more scrutiny' MPs have urged the BBC to give watchdogs more freedom to scrutinise how £2bn in licence fee money is spent.	entertainment
Rap feud in 50 Cent's G-Unit crew US rap star 50 Cent has said he has thrown protege The Game out of his G-Unit gang in a feud that has apparently involved two shootings.	entertainment
Oasis star fined for German brawl Oasis singer Liam Gallagher has been fined 50,000 euros (£35,000) after a fight in a German hotel two years ago.	entertainment
Streets have 'album of the year' The Streets, aka British rapper and songwriter, Mike Skinner have topped a poll to find the year's best album.	entertainment
Stallone evicted from Big Brother Jackie Stallone, mother of actor Sylvester, has become the first star to be evicted from Celebrity Big Brother.	entertainment
Mumbai bombs movie postponed The release of a film about the Mumbai (Bombay) blasts in 1993 has been postponed following protests by those on trial for the bombings.	entertainment
George Michael to perform for BBC George Michael is to perform live at London's Abbey Road studios as part of a BBC Radio 2 special next month.	entertainment
Lee to create new film superhero Comic book veteran Stan Lee is to team up with producer Robert Evans to create a movie featuring a new superhero.	entertainment
Farrell due to make US TV debut Actor Colin Farrell is to make his debut on US television in medical sitcom Scrubs, according to Hollywood newspaper Daily Variety.	entertainment
US show sued for rat-eating stunt A US TV network is being sued for $2.5m (£1.3m) by a viewer who says he was disgusted by watching contestants eat dead rats in a stunt show.	entertainment
Brits return Keane to number one Brits success has helped return Keane's award-winning album Hopes and Fears back to the top of the UK album chart.	entertainment
'My memories of Marley...' To mark the 60th anniversary of the birth of reggae star Bob Marley, Rob Partridge - Marley's former head of press at Island Records - remembers the man behind the legend.	entertainment
US box office set for record high Ticket sales at the US box office are predicted to break records this year, with figures expected to reach $9.4 billion, beating 2002's all-time high.	entertainment
Belle named 'best Scottish band' Belle & Sebastian have been named the best Scottish band of all time after a three month-long public poll.	entertainment
Vera Drake leads UK Oscar hopes Mike Leigh's film Vera Drake will lead British hopes at this year's Academy Awards after getting three nominations.	entertainment
Band Aid retains number one spot The charity single by Band Aid 20 has held on the chart top spot for a second week, strengthening its chances of becoming the Christmas number one.	entertainment
Rapper 50 Cent ends protege feud Rapper 50 Cent has ended his public feud with his protege The Game as the pair said they wanted to be good role models for their communities.	entertainment
TV presenter Deeley drops CD:UK Cat Deeley has resigned as host of ITV1's Saturday morning children's music show CD:UK after six years.	entertainment
Opposition grows to house arrests The Conservatives have expressed "serious misgivings" about government plans for keeping UK and foreign terror suspects under house arrest.	politics
Analysis: No pain, no gain? He called it his "masochism strategy" in the run-up to the Iraq war and now Tony Blair has signed up for another dose of pain.	politics
Police chief backs drinking move A chief constable has backed the introduction of 24-drinking, saying police had a responsibility to ensure people could benefit from a law change.	politics
Tory leader quits legal position David McLetchie has resigned from his post as a partner in a legal firm following criticism over his dual role.	politics
Borders rail link campaign rally Campaigners are to stage a rally calling for a Borders rail link which was closed in 1969 to be reopened.	politics
NHS waiting time target is cut Hospital waiting times for patients in Wales are to be cut, but not to the same extent as those in England.	politics
Schools to take part in mock poll Record numbers of schools across the UK are to take part in a mock general election backed by the government.	politics
Candidate resigns over BNP link A prospective candidate for the UK Independence Party (UKIP) has resigned after admitting a "brief attachment" to the British National Party(BNP).	politics
Kinnock to urge reform in Lords Neil Kinnock has said his acceptance of a seat in the House of Lords will allow him to help "achieve further progress with substantial democratic reform."	politics
Clarke plans migrant point scheme Anyone planning to move to the UK will have to pass a test to prove they can contribute to the country, Home Secretary Charles Clarke has said.	politics
Straw attacked on China arms Moves to lift the European Union's ban on arms exports to China have been condemned by human rights groups and the Conservatives.	politics
Lib Dems unveil women's manifesto The Liberal Democrats are attempting to woo female voters with the launch of their manifesto for women.	politics
Blair dismisses quit claim report Tony Blair has dismissed reports he told Gordon Brown he would quit before the next general election.	politics
The memory driving Brown's mission The memory Gordon Brown says keeps returning to him - the one that he says is burnt into him - is that of a 12 year-old girl, whose parents died of Aids, and who is HIV positive herself.	politics
Blair and Blunkett Sheffield trip Tony Blair is to join Home Secretary David Blunkett in a visit to Sheffield on Thursday.	politics
Brown ally rejects Budget spree Chancellor Gordon Brown's closest ally has denied suggestions there will be a Budget giveaway on 16 March.	politics
Kelly trails new discipline power Teachers could get more powers to remove unruly pupils from classes under a "zero tolerance" drive, Education Secretary Ruth Kelly has suggested.	politics
Tories attack burglar 'U-turns' Tory leader Michael Howard has accused Tony Blair of performing U-turns over rules on using force against burglars.	politics
Teenagers to be allowed to be MPs Teenagers will be able to become MPs under plans unveiled by ministers.	politics
Blair ready to call election Tony Blair seems certain to end weeks of phoney war on Monday and announce there will be a general election on 5 May.	politics
Iraqis win death test case probe The family of an Iraqi civilian allegedly killed by UK troops have won a challenge against the government's refusal to order a full inquiry.	politics
Pre-poll clash on tax and spend Labour and the Tories have clashed over tax and spending plans as the row over Gordon Brown's Budget turned into a full scale pre-election battle.	politics
Election 'could be terror target' Terrorists might try to target the UK in the run-up to the election, London's most senior police officer has said.	politics
Milburn defends poster campaign Labour's election chief Alan Milburn has defended his party's campaign posters amid Tory claims the ads were nothing short of "sly anti-Semitism".	politics
Will Tory tax cuts lift spirits? Michael Howard has finally revealed the full scale of his planned Tory tax cuts.	politics
Immigration to be election issue Immigration and asylum have normally been issues politicians from the big parties have tiptoed around at election time.	politics
Ministers 'naive' over phone-taps The government is being naive by refusing to allow phone-tap evidence in court, a senior EU politician says.	politics
Assembly ballot papers 'missing' Hundreds of ballot papers for the regional assembly referendum in the North East have "disappeared".	politics
Labour faces 'cold calls' inquiry Labour is to be investigated by a watchdog over claims its election campaign has broken the rules on "cold calling" householders.	politics
UK rebate 'unjustified' - Chirac French president Jacques Chirac has called the UK's £3bn rebate from the European Union "unjustified".	politics
Cabinet anger at Brown cash raid Ministers are unhappy about plans to use Whitehall cash to keep council tax bills down, local government minister Nick Raynsford has acknowledged.	politics
Asylum children to face returns The UK government is planning to return asylum seeker children without parents to Albania.	politics
Howard's unfinished business "He's not finished yet," whispered the Conservative Party person as your reporter attempted to slip quietly from the hall. And indeed he wasn't. Michael Howard had already broken away from the printed text of his speech, at his party's spring conference in Brighton, to deliver a smart rebuff to Peter Hain's description of him as an "attack mongrel", claiming such personal abuse meant Labour was "rattled" by the Tory challenge. And here he was again, moving to the front of the stage as the party faithful rose to their feet in applause, to make a personal, ad-libbed appeal to them to go out and fight for victory. "One day you will be able to tell your children and grandchildren as I will tell mine, 'I was there. I did my bit. I played my part. I helped to win that famous election - the election that transformed our country for the better'." The speech, which was peppered with references to Mr Howard's humble beginnings as the "child of immigrants", had been introduced by his son Nick, a trainee vicar, who praised his father's honesty. "I always know where I am with him because all my life he has meant what he has said to me," he said. Mr Howard was also joined on stage by his wife Sandra, daughter Larissa and stepson Sholto.	politics
MPs issued with Blackberry threat MPs will be thrown out of the Commons if they use Blackberries in the chamber Speaker Michael Martin has ruled.	politics
Profile: David Miliband David Miliband's rapid rise through the ranks of government continues with his promotion to Cabinet Office minister.	politics
Iraq advice claim sparks new row The Tories say ministers must respond in Parliament to claims that the legal advice used to justify the Iraq war was drawn up at Number 10.	politics
Blair 'up for it' ahead of poll Tony Blair says his personal standing in the eyes of voters will be "an issue" in the general election.	politics
New UKIP defection to 'Veritas' The UK Independence Party has lost one of its two London Assembly members to Robert Kilroy-Silk's new political party, expected to launch on Wednesday.	politics
Observers to monitor UK election Ministers will invite international observers to check the forthcoming UK general election is fairly run.	politics
Correction agency plans dropped Plans to create a single correctional agency for Scotland have been scrapped.	politics
Tories opposing 24-hour drinking The Tories say plans to extend pub opening times should be put on hold until binge drinking is under control, despite backing a law change last year.	politics
'Debate needed' on donations cap A cap on donations to political parties should not be introduced yet, the elections watchdog has said.	politics
No to Royal succession shake-up A Labour peer has withdrawn proposals to give female members of the Royal Family the same rights as males.	politics
Tories pledge free sports lessons Children would be offered two hours' free sports training a week by a future Tory government, the party has said.	politics
Kilroy-Silk attacked with slurry Euro MP Robert Kilroy-Silk has had a bucket of farm slurry thrown over him by a protester in Manchester.	politics
Blair's hope for Blunkett return The events leading to David Blunkett's resignation must not "swept under the carpet", the Tories have warned.	politics
Kennedy begins pre-election tour Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy has begun a week-long tour to persuade voters they are the "real opposition".	politics
UK 'discriminated against Roma' The government's immigration rules racially discriminated against Roma (Gypsies) seeking entry into the UK, the Law Lords have ruled.	politics
Faith schools citizenship warning Schools must improve the quality of citizenship lessons - or social cohesion and democracy will suffer, says the education watchdog.	politics
Tory leader urges Harry apology Prince Harry should personally make clear how sorry he is about wearing a Nazi uniform to a friend's fancy dress party, says Tory leader Michael Howard.	politics
Boris opposes mayor apology Ken Livingstone should "stick to his guns" and not apologise for his "Nazi" comment to a Jewish reporter, Tory MP Boris Johnson has insisted.	politics
BNP leader Nick Griffin arrested The leader of the British National Party has been arrested as part of a police inquiry following the screening of a BBC documentary.	politics
Blair moves to woo Jewish voters Tony Blair has pledged to "never, ever, ever" attack Tory leader Michael Howard over his Jewish beliefs.	politics
Falconer rebuts 'charade' claims Concessions on a bill which critics claim would allow euthanasia "through the back door" were not a political ploy, the lord chancellor has said.	politics
MPs demand 'Budget leak' answers Ministers have been asked to explain how Budget details were printed in a London newspaper half an hour before Gordon Brown made his speech.	politics
Hospital suspends 'no Welsh' plan An English hospital has suspended plans to stop treating Welsh patients who have waited more than three months.	politics
Mandelson warning to BBC The BBC should steer away from "demonising" ex-Downing Street media chief Alastair Campbell, Peter Mandelson has said.	politics
Clarke faces ID cards rebellion Charles Clarke faces his first real test as home secretary on Monday with a possible backbench rebellion over the controversial ID cards bill.	politics
Boateng to step down at election Paul Boateng, Chief Secretary to the Treasury, is to step down as a Labour MP at the forthcoming general election.	politics
Baron Kinnock makes Lords debut Former Labour leader Neil Kinnock has officially been made a life peer during a ceremony in the House of Lords.	politics
Labour MPs' fears over squabbling If there is one thing certain to stiffen the spines of Labour MPs it is the prospect of losing their seats at a general election.	politics
Economy focus for election battle Britain's economic future will be at the heart of Labour's poll campaign, Chancellor Gordon Brown has said.	politics
'Fido' to be taken off vote lists The risk of pets and children being given votes could be cut by changing how people register to vote, the UK elections watchdog has said.	politics
New drink limit 'would cut toll' More lives than previously thought could be saved by cutting drink-drive limits by a third, a report says.	politics
Blair says UK tsunami aid to soar Tony Blair has predicted the British Government will eventually give "hundreds of millions" of pounds in aid to countries hit by the tsunami.	politics
Will the Budget bring out smiling voters? As Tory spokesman Oliver Letwin said - any chancellor would use his pre-election budget to offer some vote winning sweeteners, wouldn't he.	politics
Brown names 16 March for Budget Chancellor Gordon Brown will deliver his Budget to the House of Commons on 16 March, the Treasury has announced.	politics
Councils prepare to set tax rises Council tax in Scotland is set to rise by an average of about 4% in the coming year, BBC Scotland has learned.	politics
Protesters plan airport challenge Campaigners against the expansion of Britain's airports have begun challenging the government's plans in the High Court.	politics
Brown ally rejects Budget spree Chancellor Gordon Brown's closest ally has denied suggestions there will be a Budget giveaway on 16 March.	politics
Visa decision 'every 11 minutes' Visa processing staff are sometimes expected to rule on an application every 11 minutes, MPs have said.	politics
Schools to take part in mock poll Record numbers of schools across the UK are to take part in a mock general election backed by the government.	politics
UKIP candidate suspended in probe Eurosceptic party UKIP have suspended a candidate for allegedly suggesting the criminally insane should be killed.	politics
New 'yob' targets to be unveiled Fifty new areas getting special help to fight anti-social behaviour in England and Wales will be named on Thursday.	politics
Tories 'would cut number of MPs' The Conservative Party would cut the number of MPs by about one-fifth if they were elected, Tory leader Michael Howard has said.	politics
MPs issued with Blackberry threat MPs will be thrown out of the Commons if they use Blackberries in the chamber Speaker Michael Martin has ruled.	politics
'EU referendum could cost £80m' It could cost £80m to run a UK referendum on the European constitution, ministers have revealed.	politics
Parliament's record of scandal In a locked room at the heart of Parliament there is a hive of scandal.	politics
Lib Dems predict 'best ever poll' The Lib Dems are set for their best results in both the general election and the local council polls, one of their frontbenchers has predicted.	politics
Whitehall cuts 'ahead of target' Thousands of civil service jobs have already been cut or moved out of London as part of a major cost-cutting drive.	politics
MPs to debate 'euthanasia laws' MPs are preparing to debate a bill which critics claim would legalise euthanasia "by the back door".	politics
Could rivalry overshadow election? Tony Blair and Gordon Brown are desperately trying to stuff the genie of their rivalry back into the bottle.	politics
Blair prepares to name poll date Tony Blair is likely to name 5 May as election day when Parliament returns from its Easter break, the BBC's political editor has learned.	politics
Howard backs stem cell research Michael Howard has backed stem cell research, saying it is important people are not frightened of the future.	politics
Tories leave door open for Archer The Conservative Party would deal "sympathetically" with any application by disgraced peer Lord Archer to rejoin its ranks, its co-chairman has said.	politics
Game warnings 'must be clearer' Violent video games should carry larger warnings so parents can understand what their children are playing, the trade and industry secretary has said.	politics
Muslims discuss election concerns Issues that Muslims should be considering before voting in the next general election are to be debated by UK community representatives.	politics
How political squabbles snowball It's become commonplace to argue that Blair and Brown are like squabbling school kids and that they (and their supporters) need to grow up and stop bickering.	politics
Labour's 'EU propaganda' A "taxpayer subsidised propaganda exercise" on the EU is being used to lull the British public into a false sense of security, say the Tories.	politics
Lib Dems highlight problem debt People vulnerable to problem debts should be afforded greater protection from banks aggressively promoting financial products, the Lib Dems say.	politics
Blair joins school sailing trip The prime minister has donned a life jacket and joined school children in a sailing dinghy as he sought to sell his party's education policies.	politics
Burglar defence guidelines issued Householders who injure or even kill intruders are unlikely to be prosecuted - providing they were acting "honestly and instinctively", new guidelines say.	politics
Howard rejects BNP's claim Tory leader Michael Howard has dismissed claims that his immigration policy was "moving onto the turf" of the British National Party (BNP).	politics
What the election should really be about? A general election is the best chance most pressure groups get to make a real impact on government policy. Here is how six leading lobbies plan to make sure their cause is being debated ahead of an expected Spring poll.	politics
Howard rebuts asylum criticisms Tory leader Michael Howard has gone on the offensive in response to people questioning how a son of immigrants can propose asylum quotas.	politics
Campbell returns to election team Ex-Downing Street media chief Alastair Campbell will return to the fold to strengthen Labour's general election campaign, the party has confirmed.	politics
Blunkett tells of love and pain David Blunkett has spoken of his love for married publisher Kimberly Quinn for the first time.	politics
Boothroyd calls for Lords speaker Betty Boothroyd has said the House of Lords needs its own Speaker and that peers should lead the way on reforming the upper chamber.	politics
Blair to face MPs amid feud talk Tony Blair faces his first prime minister's questions of 2005 after a week of renewed speculation about his relationship with Gordon Brown.	politics
Civil servants in strike ballot The UK's biggest civil service union is to ballot its 290,000 members on strikes in protest at government plans to extend their pension age to 65.	politics
Hague 'given up' his PM ambition Former Conservative leader William Hague says he will not stand for the leadership again, having given up his ambition to be prime minister.	politics
Job cuts 'false economy'  - TUC Plans to shed 71,000 civil service jobs will prove to be a "false economy" that could hamper public sector reforms, according to a TUC report.	politics
Clarke defends terror detentions The home secretary has defended his decision not to release foreign terror suspects despite a legal ruling their detention breached human rights laws.	politics
Peers debate Crown succession law Peers are debating proposals to change the rules governing the succession to the throne.	politics
Guantanamo four questioned The four Britons freed from US custody in Guantanamo Bay are expected to be allowed a visit by one relative.	politics
Blair returns from peace mission Prime Minister Tony Blair has arrived back from his diplomatic mission to the Middle East to try to resurrect the peace process.	politics
Labour's core support takes stock Tony Blair has told Labour supporters he's "back" and still hungry for the job of prime minister - but does that sum up the mood at the party's spring conference in Gateshead?	politics
Gurkhas to help tsunami victims Britain has offered to send a company of 120 Gurkhas to assist with the tsunami relief effort in Indonesia, Downing Street said.	politics
Goldsmith denies war advice claim The attorney general has denied his statement to Parliament about the legality of the Iraq war was drafted by Downing Street officials.	politics
Anti-terror plan faces first test Plans to allow Home Secretary Charles Clarke to place terror suspects under house arrest without trial are set for their first real test in Parliament.	politics
Labour seeks to quell feud talk Labour's leadership put on a show of unity at a campaign poster launch after MPs criticised Tony Blair and Gordon Brown over reports of their rift.	politics
Defection timed to hit tax pledge With impeccable and precisely-calculated timing, Tory defector Robert Jackson and his new Labour bosses have attempted to overshadow Michael Howard's latest announcement on taxation and spending.	politics
Minister defends hunting ban law The law banning hunting with dogs in England and Wales is enforceable and "very clear", Alun Michael has said.	politics
Crisis 'ahead in social sciences' A national body designed to tackle skills shortages in key subjects should be set up, a committee of MPs has said.	politics
Blair pledges unity to Labour MPs Tony Blair has sought to reassure Labour backbenchers that nothing will stand in the way of the party's bid for a third term in power.	politics
Student 'inequality' exposed Teenagers from well-off backgrounds are six times more likely to go to university than those from the most deprived areas, a report says.	politics
UKIP MEP attacked German 'empire' A UK Independence Party MEP suggested Germany saw the EU as an 'empire' and was cheaper than using tanks, a new documentary has revealed. Mike Nattrass, UKIP's deputy leader, made the comments to an audience at a meeting during last September's Hartlepool by-election campaign. But challenged on the remark, he denied accusing Germany of using the EU as cover for a "4th German Reich". He says he was not "German-bashing" but saying peace was the EU's founding aim. The meeting was shown in a BBC 3 film on ex-UKIP MEP Robert Kilroy-Silk. The former chat show host quit the party earlier this month, calling it a joke.	politics
Blair hails Turkey-EU talks deal Tony Blair has hailed a deal bringing Turkey a step closer to EU membership as important for the world's future "peace and prosperity".	politics
Hague 'given up' his PM ambition Former Conservative leader William Hague says he will not stand for the leadership again, having given up his ambition to be prime minister.	politics
Tsunami 'won't divert Africa aid' UK aid to help the victims of the Asian tsunami disaster will not take much needed relief from Africa, Prime Minister Tony Blair has promised.	politics
Blair 'said he would stand down' Tony Blair promised Gordon Brown he would stand down before the next election, a new book about the chancellor claims.	politics
Talks aim to avert pension strike Talks aimed at averting a series of national strikes over pensions reforms will take place this weekend.	politics
'Few ready' for information act Thousands of public bodies are ill-prepared for the Freedom of Information Act, due to come into force next month, because of government failures, say MPs.	politics
Tories urge 'change at the top' Tory delegates are gathering for what is expected to be their last conference before the general election, declaring Britain needs "a change at the top".	politics
Blunkett row should end - Blair Prime Minister Tony Blair said it was time to draw a line under the controversy surrounding David Blunkett.	politics
MPs' murder sentence concern Murder sentences should not be reduced automatically simply because of a guilty plea, says a new MPs' report.	politics
MPs criticise child access system Divorced parents seeking access to their children are often disadvantaged by the legal system, MPs have said.	politics
Housing plans criticised by MPs "Irreversible environmental damage" will be caused by government plans to build more than one million homes in south-east England, MPs have warned.	politics
David Blunkett in quotes David Blunkett - who has resigned as home secretary - built his reputation as a plain-speaking Yorkshire man.	politics
Tories unveil quango blitz plans Plans to abolish 162 quangos have been unveiled by the Conservatives as part of their effort to show how government red tape can be cut.	politics
Blair 'pressing US on climate' Tony Blair is pressing the US to cut greenhouse gases despite its unwillingness to sign the Kyoto Protocol, Downing Street has indicated.	politics
Tory backing for ID cards The Tories are to back controversial government plans to introduce ID cards.	politics
Stalemate in pension strike talks Talks aimed at averting national strikes over pension reforms have ended without agreement after 90 minutes.	politics
Lib Dems target first-time buyers The Liberal Democrats have unveiled plans to build 100,000 new "affordable" homes on publicly owned land.	politics
Parties build up poll war chests The Labour Party received more than £5m in donations in the final quarter of 2004, new figures show.	politics
Guantanamo pair's passport ban The government has written to two of the British men freed from Guantanamo Bay telling them they will not be allowed passports.	politics
UK heading wrong way - Howard Tony Blair has had the chance to tackle the problems facing Britain and has failed, Michael Howard has said.	politics
Parties' plans for council tax Anger at council tax rises spilled over into mass protests in 2003, when the average English bill rose 12.9%.	politics
EU referendum question unveiled The question to be asked in the referendum on the EU Constitution has been unveiled by the government.	politics
Turkey deal 'to help world peace' A deal bringing Turkey a step closer to EU membership is of "fundamental importance" to the peace and security of the world, Tony Blair has said.	politics
Labour trio 'had vote-rig factory' Three Labour councillors in Birmingham were caught operating a "vote-rigging factory", an Election Court has heard.	politics
Escaped prisoner report ordered First Minister Jack McConnell has ordered a report on the decision to allow a paranoid schizophrenic knife attacker to go on a visit unguarded.	politics
UK youth 'interested' in politics The majority of young people are interested in politics, holding "strong opinions" on policies and have a "keen appetite" for direct action.	politics
Mayor will not retract Nazi jibe London mayor Ken Livingstone has again refused to retract a Nazi insult made to a Jewish reporter.	politics
Labour plans maternity pay rise Maternity pay for new mothers is to rise by £1,400 as part of new proposals announced by the Trade and Industry Secretary Patricia Hewitt.	politics
Security papers 'found in street' An inquiry is under way after files containing security details about the Pakistani president's visit to London were found by a member of the public.	politics
Act on detention ruling, UK urged The government must act quickly on the Law Lords' ruling that detention of foreign terror suspects without trial is unlawful, Mary Robinson has said.	politics
Goldsmith: 'I was not leant on' The attorney general has again denied being "leant on" by Downing Street to make the legal case for invading Iraq.	politics
Hague's six-figure earnings shown The rewards of leaving front-bench politics are shown in the latest annual register of members' interests.	politics
UK firms 'embracing e-commerce' UK firms are embracing internet trading opportunities as never before, e-commerce minister Mike O'Brien says.	politics
Chancellor rallies Labour voters Gordon Brown has issued a rallying cry, telling supporters the "stakes are too high" to stay at home or protest vote in the forthcoming general election.	politics
UK heading wrong way, says Howard Tony Blair has had the chance to tackle the problems facing Britain and has failed, Michael Howard has said.	politics
Tory 'stalking horse' Meyer dies Sir Anthony Meyer, the Tory backbencher who challenged Margaret Thatcher for the party leadership in 1989, has died.	politics
MPs assess Scots fishing industry A group of MPs are on a two-day fact-finding mission to Scotland to gather evidence for a report into the UK's fishing industry.	politics
EU rules 'won't stop UK spending' The shape of the UK's economy In graphics	politics
CSA chief who 'quit' still in job The head of the "failing" Child Support Agency widely reported to have resigned three months ago is still at the helm of the troubled organisation.	politics
Top Tories on Lib Dem 'hit list' The Liberal Democrats are aiming to unseat a string of top Tories - including leader Michael Howard - at the next general election.	politics
Campaign 'cold calls' questioned Labour and the Conservatives are still telephoning the millions of people who have signed up to make sure they do not get marketing "cold calls".	politics
Profile: David Blunkett Before he resigned the position of home secretary on Wednesday, David Blunkett had been in charge of a substantial body of government portfolios including race, policing and immigration.	politics
Labour in constituency race row Labour's choice of a white candidate for one of the UK's most multi-racial seats proves the need for all-black short lists, says a race group.	politics
Council tax rise 'reasonable' Welsh councils should set their taxes at "reasonable levels" after being given an average funding increase of 6%, says the assembly government.	politics
Sainsbury's Labour election gift Science Minister Lord Sainsbury has made a £2m donation to the Labour Party for its General Election fund.	politics
Blair dismisses quit claim report Tony Blair has dismissed reports he told Gordon Brown he would quit before the next general election.	politics
February poll claim 'speculation' Reports that Tony Blair is planning a snap general election for February 2005 have been described as "idle speculation" by Downing Street.	politics
Muslim police stops 'more likely' UK Muslims should accept that people of Islamic appearance are more likely to be stopped and searched by police, a Home Office minister has said.	politics
McConnell details Scots wave toll At least three people from Scotland died in the tsunami disaster and a further three are on the missing list, the first minister has told MSPs.	politics
Lawyer attacks anti-terror laws A senior barrister who has resigned in protest over the government's anti-terror laws says the current system is giving Britain a bad name.	politics
Malik rejects all-black MP lists A call for ethnic minority shortlists to boost the number of black and Asian MPs has been rejected by one of Labour's most senior Asians.	politics
Parties warned over 'grey vote' Political parties cannot afford to take older UK voters for granted in the coming election, says Age Concern.	politics
McConnell in 'drunk' remark row Scotland's first minister has told a group of high school pupils that it is okay to get drunk "once in a while".	politics
Labour accused of broken pledge Labour has already broken its pre-election promise on immigration before the ink has dried on its new pledge card, the Tories have claimed.	politics
Choose hope over fear - Kennedy Voters will have a clear choice between the politics of fear and the politics of hope in the next general election, said Charles Kennedy.	politics
Talks held on Gibraltar's future Two days of talks on the future of Gibraltar begin at Jack Straw's country residence later on Wednesday.	politics
Tory expert denies defeat warning The Conservatives' campaign director has denied a report claiming he warned Michael Howard the party could not win the next general election.	politics
Brown outlines third term vision Gordon Brown has outlined what he thinks should be the key themes of New Labour's next general election bid.	politics
Brown comes out shooting Labour may have abolished hunting - but that didn't stop Chancellor Gordon Brown using his Budget to fire both barrels at some of the opposition parties' core election foxes.	politics
UKIP's secret weapon? By any measure, New Yorker Dick Morris is that thing Americans love over everything else - a winner.	politics
Kennedy to make temple address Charles Kennedy is set to address 2,000 people at a Hindu temple as part of an appeal to ethnic minority voters.	politics
Kennedy questions trust of Blair Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy has said voters now have a "fundamental lack of trust" of Tony Blair as prime minister.	politics
UK's 'useless' quangos under fire The UK has 529 quangos financed with billions of pounds of taxpayers' cash - many of which are useless or duplicate each other's efforts, a report claims.	politics
Vouchers 'to cut winter deaths' Pensioners are being promised energy savings by the Liberal Democrats, as snow and cold temperatures continue.	politics
Regiments' group in poll move A regiments' campaign group is to target nine marginal Labour seats at the General Election.	politics
Visa row mandarin made Sir John The top civil servant at the centre of the David Blunkett visa affair has been knighted in the New Year Honours.	politics
Kilroy unveils immigration policy Ex-chatshow host Robert Kilroy-Silk has attacked UK policy on immigration saying Britain's open door approach is hitting low wage "indigenous" workers.	politics
Labour pig poster 'anti-Semitic' The Labour Party has been accused of anti-Semitism over a poster depicting Michael Howard and Oliver Letwin - who are both Jewish - as flying pigs.	politics
Prime minister's questions So who, if anyone, is playing politics with the security of the nation?	politics
Ministers deny care sums 'wrong' Ministers have insisted they are committed to free personal care for the elderly despite research suggesting the cost of the policy was under-estimated.	politics
'UK will stand firm on EU rebate' Britain's £3bn EU rebate is not up for renegotiation at next week's European Council summit, Jack Straw said.	politics
What really divides the parties So what is the gap between Labour and the Tories nowadays?	politics
Woolf murder sentence rethink Plans to give murderers lighter sentences if they plead guilty have been watered down.	politics
Cardinal criticises Iraq war cost Billions of pounds spent on conflict in Iraq and in the Middle East should have been used to reduce poverty, Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor has said.	politics
Blair stresses prosperity goals Tony Blair says his party's next manifesto will be "unremittingly New Labour" and aimed at producing "personal prosperity for all".	politics
Lib Dems target the student vote Students can decide the fate of MPs in some seats at the next election, Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy has claimed.	politics
Minimum rate for foster parents Foster carers are to be guaranteed a minimum allowance to help cover their costs, the government has announced.	politics
Student 'fee factor' played down A rise has been recorded in the number of students from south of the border applying to universities in Scotland.	politics
'No more concessions' on terror Charles Clarke says he has "no desire" to offer more concessions on his controversial anti-terror plans to get them on to the statute book.	politics
Royal couple watch nation's mood Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles are awaiting the nation's reaction after announcing they are to be married on 8 April.	politics
Clarke to press on with ID cards New Home Secretary Charles Clarke has vowed to plough on with plans for ID cards despite a call for him to "pause for thought" from Charles Kennedy.	politics
Tsunami debt deal to be announced Chancellor Gordon Brown has said he hopes to announce a deal to suspend debt interest repayments by tsunami-hit nations later on Friday.	politics
UKIP could sue Veritas defectors The UK Independence Party could take legal action to unseat two London Assembly members who defected to Robert Kilroy Silk's Veritas Party.	politics
Kennedy questions trust of Blair Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy has said voters now have a "fundamental lack of trust" of Tony Blair as prime minister.	politics
Lib Dems 'to target stamp duty' The Liberal Democrats are promising to raise the stamp duty threshold if they win the general election, in a bid to court first-time house buyers.	politics
Labour accused of 'EU propaganda' A "taxpayer subsidised propaganda exercise" on the EU is being used to lull the British public into a false sense of security, say the Tories.	politics
Hatfield executives go on trial Engineering firm Balfour Beatty and five railway managers are to go on trial for manslaughter over the Hatfield rail crash in 2000.	politics
'No-one can define new hunt ban' The new law banning hunting with dogs is "so poorly drafted" no-one can define the offence, pro-hunt MPs say.	politics
Ex-PM Lord Callaghan dies aged 92 Former Labour prime minister Lord Callaghan has died on the eve of his 93rd birthday.	politics
Howard hits back at mongrel jibe Michael Howard has said a claim by Peter Hain that the Tory leader is acting like an "attack mongrel" shows Labour is "rattled" by the opposition.	politics
Leaders meet over Turkish EU bid Tony Blair has met Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder to talk about Turkey entering the EU.	politics
Row over 'police' power for CSOs The Police Federation has said it strongly opposes giving Community Support Officers (CSOs) the power to detain suspects for up to 30 minutes.	politics
Concerns at school diploma plan Final appeals are being made for the government not to ditch the reform plan for England's secondary schools put forward by the Tomlinson report.	politics
Donor attacks Blair-Brown 'feud' The reported feud between Tony Blair and Gordon Brown has prompted a Labour donor to say he will almost certainly refuse to give more funds.	politics
Conservative backing for ID cards The Tories are to back controversial government plans to introduce ID cards.	politics
'Nuclear dumpsite' plan attacked Plans to allow foreign nuclear waste to be permanently stored in the UK have been branded "deeply irresponsible" by the Liberal Democrats.	politics
UKIP outspent Labour on EU poll The UK Independence Party outspent both Labour and the Liberal Democrats in the European elections, new figures show.	politics
Cherie accused of attacking Bush Cherie Blair has been accused of criticising George W Bush's policies in a private address she gave during a United States lecture tour.	politics
Tories unveil quango blitz plans Plans to abolish 162 quangos have been unveiled by the Conservatives as part of their effort to show how government red tape can be cut.	politics
Nuclear strike 'key terror risk' The UK and US must realise they cannot prevent all terror attacks and should focus on making sure they are not nuclear strikes, says a top academic.	politics
Brown hits back in Blair rift row Gordon Brown has criticised a union leader who said conflict between himself and Tony Blair was harming the workings of government.	politics
Final hunts held as ban looms Hunts in England and Wales have begun on the last day that hunting with dogs is legal, with more due out later.	politics
Former NI minister Scott dies Former Northern Ireland minister Sir Nicholas Scott has died at a London hospice, his family has announced.	politics
US casino 'tricks' face ban in UK Controversial new UK casinos will be banned from using American tricks of the trade to ensure they are "socially responsible", it has been suggested.	politics
Election deal faltered over Heath role The Tories failed to hold onto power in 1974 after Liberals demanded Sir Edward Heath quit in return for co-operation.	politics
Wales 'must learn health lessons' The new health minister for Wales says there are lessons to learn from England in tackling waiting lists.	politics
'More to do' on adult literacy The government will only hit its target for improving adult maths and literacy skills if courses are made more attractive, a report says.	politics
Ban on hunting comes into force Fox hunting with dogs is now illegal in England and Wales after a ban on the activity came into force overnight.	politics
Labour's four little words Labour has unveiled the four little words that will form the heart of its general election campaign which, for those just returned from the planet Galifray, is "looming".	politics
Jack Cunningham to stand down Veteran Labour MP and former Cabinet minister Jack Cunningham has said he will stand down at the next election.	politics
Brown 'proud of economy record' Gordon Brown has delivered a rousing speech to Labour's spring conference setting out the government's agenda for the next general election.	politics
Blair says mayor should apologise Tony Blair has urged London mayor Ken Livingstone to apologise for his "Nazi" comment to a Jewish reporter.	politics
Kilroy launches 'Veritas' party Ex-BBC chat show host and East Midlands MEP Robert Kilroy-Silk said he wanted to "change the face of British politics" as he launched his new party. Mr Kilroy-Silk, who recently quit the UK Independence Party, said "our country" was being "stolen from us" by mass immigration. He told a London news conference that Veritas - Latin for "truth" - would avoid the old parties' "lies and spin". UKIP leader Roger Knapman says he is glad to see the back of Mr Kilroy-Silk.	politics
Hunt ban support is 'in decline' Support for a ban on hunting has fallen in the past six years, a poll suggests.	politics
Tutu's Guantanamo release call Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called for the release of the remaining inmates at Guantanamo Bay and terror suspects detained without trial in the UK.	politics
'Last chance' warning for voters People in England, Scotland and Wales must have registered by 1700 GMT to be able to vote in the general election if it is held, as expected, on 5 May.	politics
Scots smoking ban details set out Smoke-free areas will save lives and improve Scotland's health, First Minister Jack McConnell has insisted.	politics
Police urge pub closure power New powers are needed to close disorderly pubs, bars and clubs for up to a week or even permanently, police chiefs have told MPs.	politics
UK 'needs true immigration data' A former Home Office minister has called for an independent body to be set up to monitor UK immigration.	politics
Retirement age could be scrapped The "myth that ageing is a barrier" to contributing to society needs to be "exploded", the work and pensions minister has said.	politics
Brown to outline presidency goals Next year will be "make or break" for development in poorer countries Gordon Brown will say as he sets out UK goals for its EU and G8 presidencies.	politics
Blair defends terror law changes The prime minister has defended measures to allow house arrest without trial, saying "several hundred" people in the UK are plotting terror attacks.	politics
Child access law shake-up planned Parents who refuse to allow former partners contact with their children could be electronically tagged under plans being considered by ministers.	politics
UK needs tax cuts, Tories insist A major change of direction is needed in Britain if it is to prosper, the shadow chancellor said as the Tory Party spring conference began.	politics
Clarke to unveil immigration plan New controls on economic migrants and tighter border patrols will be part of government plans unveiled on Monday.	politics
Labour battle plan 'hides Blair' The Tories have accused Tony Blair of being "terrified" of scrutiny after Labour unveiled details of how it will fight the next general election.	politics
Brown's poll campaign move denied The government has denied reports that Gordon Brown is preparing to oust Alan Milburn as Labour's election supremo.	politics
'Best person' for top legal job The "best person for the job" should be appointed lord chancellor, and not necessarily a lawyer or MP, the courts minister has told MPs.	politics
Mandelson warns BBC on Campbell The BBC should steer away from "demonising" ex-Downing Street media chief Alastair Campbell, Peter Mandelson has said.	politics
Lords wrong on detainees - Straw Jack Straw has attacked the decision by Britain's highest court that detaining foreign terrorist suspects without trial breaks human rights laws.	politics
MPs tout Lords replacement plan A group of MPs has tried to raise the pressure on Tony Blair over reform to the House of Lords by publishing a detailed blueprint for change.	politics
UK helps raped Rwandan women Britain is to give a £4m grant to help women survivors of the Rwandan genocide who were raped and often deliberately infected with HIV/Aids.	politics
'Debate needed' on donations cap A cap on donations to political parties should not be introduced yet, the elections watchdog has said.	politics
Brown in appeal for Labour unity Gordon Brown has made an appeal for unity after reports claimed Mr Blair went back on a pledge to stand down before the next general election.	politics
Tory leader 'cleared' over work Scottish Conservative Party leader David McLetchie claims he has been cleared over a potential conflict of interest.	politics
Blair backs 'pre-election budget' Tony Blair has backed Chancellor Gordon Brown's pre-Budget report amid opposition claims he was too bullish about the state of the UK economy.	politics
Sayeed to stand down as Tory MP Tory MP Jonathan Sayeed is to stand down on the grounds of ill health.	politics
Probe launched on Ken Nazi jibe An investigation by the Standards Board is under way following allegations that Ken Livingstone has brought his office into disrepute.	politics
Plaid MP's cottage arson claim A Plaid Cymru MP believes UK security services were involved in some arson attacks blamed on Welsh extremists.	politics
Brown calls for £5.5bn Aids fund Gordon Brown has called on rich nations to fund a £5.5bn ($10bn) plan to fight the Aids epidemic and find a vaccine.	politics
Kennedy predicts bigger turnout Voters' "pent up passion" could confound predictions of a low turnout in the coming general election, Charles Kennedy has said.	politics
Green fear for transport ballot The Green Party is concerned thousands of residents may not be able to vote in Edinburgh's transport referendum.	politics
UKIP candidate suspended Eurosceptic party UKIP have suspended a candidate for allegedly suggesting the criminally insane should be killed.	politics
Howard and Blair tax pledge clash Tony Blair has said voters will have to wait for Labour's manifesto to see if the party has plans to increase tax.	politics
Nat Insurance to rise, say Tories National Insurance will be raised if Labour wins the next election, Tory leader Michael Howard has claimed.	politics
School sport 'is back', says PM Tony Blair has promised that "sport is back" as a priority for schools.	politics
Sport betting rules in spotlight A group of MPs and peers has called for a tightening of regulations controlling betting on sport.	politics
Mrs Howard gets key election role Michael Howard's ex-model wife, Sandra, is to play a leading role in the Conservative election campaign.	politics
TV debate urged for party chiefs Broadcasters should fix a date for a pre-election televised debate between the three main political leaders, according to the Hansard Society.	politics
At a glance: Tory health checks The UK' opposition Conservatives have unveiled plans to introduce health checks for immigrants if they win the General Election. Here's a guide to the plan:	politics
UK troops on Ivory Coast standby Downing Street has confirmed British troops are on standby in case they need to help evacuate several hundred UK citizens from Ivory Coast.	politics
Howard attacks 'pay later' Budget Tory leader Michael Howard has dismissed Gordon Brown's Budget as "vote now, pay later" spending plans.	politics
Labour MP praises Tory campaign The Conservatives have been "a lot smarter" in the way they have conducted the general election campaign, a Labour backbencher has said.	politics
Pakistani women 'must not hide' Hiding women away in the home hidden behind veils is a backward view of Islam, President Musharraf of Pakistan has said during a visit to Britain.	politics
Galloway plea for hostage release Ex-Labour MP George Galloway has appealed for the release of aid worker Margaret Hassan, kidnapped in Iraq.	politics
'Super union' merger plan touted Two of Britain's big trade unions could merge to form a "super union" of two million members.	politics
Guantanamo man 'suing government' A British terror suspect held in Guantanamo Bay for 33 months plans to sue the government, it is reported.	politics
Labour chooses Manchester The Labour Party will hold its 2006 autumn conference in Manchester and not Blackpool, it has been confirmed.	politics
Talks aim to avert pension strike Talks aimed at averting a series of national strikes over pensions reforms will take place this weekend.	politics
Jowell rejects 'Las Vegas' jibe The Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, Tessa Jowell, has hit out at critics of the Gambling Bill.	politics
Blair Labour's longest-serving PM Tony Blair has become the Labour Party's longest-serving prime minister.	politics
Jamieson issues warning to bigots Scotland's justice minister has warned bigoted soccer fans that she wants to hit them "where it hurts most" by banning them from matches.	politics
Hewitt decries 'career sexism' Plans to extend paid maternity leave beyond six months should be prominent in Labour's election manifesto, the Trade and Industry Secretary has said.	politics
Protect whistleblowers, TUC says The government should change the law to give more protection to employees who raise health and safety concerns about their workplaces, the TUC has said.	politics
Tory expert denies defeatism The Conservatives' campaign director has denied a report claiming he warned Michael Howard the party could not win the next general election.	politics
Tory leader unveils spending plan Tory leader Michael Howard says his party can save £35bn in government spending by tackling waste.	politics
Galloway targets 'New Labour' MP George Galloway is to stand against pro-Iraq war Labour MP Oona King at the next general election.	politics
Blunkett sorry over murder plan David Blunkett has apologised to MPs after the Home Office announced "prematurely" via press release a review of murder laws.	politics
Child access laws shake-up Parents who refuse to allow former partners contact with their children could be electronically tagged under plans being considered by ministers. Curfews and community service orders were other options which could be used if court orders to allow parental access were defied, Lord Falconer said. The constitutional affairs secretary outlined some of the plans on Tuesday. He denied fathers' activists had forced the changes, telling the BBC "there is a recognition that something is wrong". Between 15,000 and 20,000 couples go to court to resolve access disputes each year, although in nine out of 10 separations there is no court intervention.	politics
Parties warned over 'grey vote' Political parties cannot afford to take older UK voters for granted in the coming election, says Age Concern.	politics
Labour targets 'hardcore truants' A fresh crackdown on persistent truants in England has been launched by Education Secretary Ruth Kelly.	politics
Lib Dems' 'bold' election policy Charles Kennedy has told voters his Liberal Democrats will offer them an "honest choice" at the next general election.	politics
Drink remark 'acts as diversion' The first minister's statement that it was okay to get drunk "once in a while" has diverted attention from the real issues, it has been claimed.	politics
Terror powers expose 'tyranny' The Lord Chancellor has defended government plans to introduce control orders to keep foreign and British terrorist suspects under house arrest, where there isn't enough evidence to put them on trial.	politics
Manchester wins Labour conference The Labour Party will hold its 2006 autumn conference in Manchester and not Blackpool, it has been confirmed.	politics
Hunt demo at Labour meeting Pro-hunt supporters are set to protest at Labour's spring conference.	politics
Blair backs 'pre-election budget' Tony Blair has backed Chancellor Gordon Brown's pre-Budget report amid opposition claims he was too bullish about the state of the UK economy.	politics
Citizenship event for 18s touted Citizenship ceremonies could be introduced for people celebrating their 18th birthday, Charles Clarke has said.	politics
Lib Dems demand new inquiry A judge should look into the David Blunkett controversy as key questions remain unanswered, the Lib Dems say.	politics
Terror detainees win Lords appeal Detaining foreign terrorist suspects without trial breaks human rights laws, the UK's highest court has ruled.	politics
Campaign 'cold calls' questioned Labour and the Conservatives are still telephoning the millions of people who have signed up to make sure they do not get marketing "cold calls".	politics
Blunkett unveils policing plans People could be given the mobile phone number of their local bobby under an overhaul of policing in England and Wales unveiled by David Blunkett.	politics
Custody death rate 'shocks' MPs Deaths in custody have reached "shocking" levels, a committee of MPs and peers has warned.	politics
Lib Dems stress Budget trust gap Public trust in the handling of the economy can only be restored if Gordon Brown opens up his books for unbiased inspection, say the Lib Dems.	politics
Anglers 'could face prosecution' Anglers and fishermen could find themselves prosecuted under plans to crack down on animal cruelty, a committee of MPs has warned.	politics
Councils 'must find Gypsy sites' Ministers are telling councils to find more sites for travellers, amid continuing rows concerning a string of unauthorised encampments.	politics
MP attacked by muggers in Kenya An MP has had more than £600 and his passport stolen after being mugged by six men in a park in Kenya.	politics
Howard denies split over ID cards Michael Howard has denied his shadow cabinet was split over its decision to back controversial Labour plans to introduce ID cards.	politics
Conservative MP defects to Labour A Conservative MP and former minister has defected to Labour.	politics
Blair and Brown criticised by MPs Labour MPs have angrily criticised Tony Blair and Gordon Brown amid renewed reports of a rift between the two men.	politics
Women MPs reveal sexist taunts Women MPs endure "shocking" levels of sexist abuse at the hands of their male counterparts, a new study shows.	politics
Brown visits slum on Africa trip Chancellor Gordon Brown has visited Kenya's biggest shantytown as he opened a week-long visit to Africa.	politics
MPs quiz aides over royal income Senior officials at the two bodies generating private income for the Queen and Prince of Wales are to be questioned by MPs.	politics
Straw backs ending China embargo UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has defended plans to end the European Union's arms embargo on China, despite opposition from the US and Japan.	politics
Blair sets date for Africa report The Commission for Africa's report will be released on 11 March - Comic Relief day, Tony Blair has said.	politics
No election TV debate, says Blair Tony Blair has said he will not take part in a TV debate with his political rivals ahead of the next election.	politics
Blair rejects Tory terror offer Tony Blair has rejected a Conservative compromise offer that could have eased the passage of anti-terror legislation.	politics
Brown shrugs off economy fears Gordon Brown is to freeze petrol duty increases, fund a £1bn package to avoid big council tax rises and boost childcare and maternity leave.	politics
Police probe BNP mosque leaflet Police are investigating a British National Party leaflet posted to homes in south Wales opposing plans for a new mosque.	politics
More reforms ahead says Milburn Labour will continue to pursue controversial reforms if it wins a third term in power, the party's election chief Alan Milburn has said.	politics
Bid to cut court witness stress New targets to reduce the stress to victims and witnesses giving evidence in courts in England and Wales have been announced by the lord chancellor.	politics
Abortion not a poll issue - Blair Tony Blair does not believe abortion should be an election issue, arguing it is a matter for individual conscience.	politics
Report attacks defence spending The Ministry of Defence has been criticised over the soaring spending costs and growing delays of its top equipment projects.	politics
Liverpool pledge to keep Gerrard Liverpool chief executive Rick Parry insists the club will never sell Steven Gerrard amid reports Chelsea will renew their bid to lure him from Anfield.	sport
Ferguson urges Henry punishment Sir Alex Ferguson has called on the Football Association to punish Arsenal's Thierry Henry for an incident involving Gabriel Heinze.	sport
Ireland 21-19 Argentina An injury-time dropped goal by Ronan O'Gara stole victory for Ireland from underneath the noses of Argentina at Lansdowne Road on Saturday.	sport
McIlroy wins 800m indoor title James McIlroy motored to the AAA's Indoor 800m title in Sheffied on Sunday in a time of one minute, 47.97 seconds.	sport
Greek pair attend drugs hearing Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have appeared before an independent tribunal which will decide if their bans should stand.	sport
Hodgson relishes European clashes Former Blackburn boss Roy Hodgson says the Premiership should follow the rest of Europe and have a winter break - but insists that a gruelling domestic schedule will not damage the English elite's bid for Champions League glory.	sport
Ireland surge past Scots Ireland maintained their Six Nations Grand Slam ambitions with an impressive victory over Scotland at Murrayfield.	sport
Henson stakes early Lions claim The Six Nations may be a glittering prize in itself but every player from the four Home Unions will also have one eye on a possible trip to New Zealand with the Lions this summer.	sport
Pearce keen on succeeding Keegan Joint assistant boss Stuart Pearce has admitted he would like to succeed Kevin Keegan as manager at Manchester City.	sport
Safin slumps to shock Dubai loss Marat Safin suffered a shock loss to unseeded Nicolas Kiefer in round one of the Dubai Tennis Championships.	sport
Scotland v Italy (Sat) Murrayfield, Edinburgh	sport
Henman decides to quit Davis Cup Tim Henman has retired from Great Britain's Davis Cup team.	sport
Big guns ease through in San Jose Top-seeded Americans Andy Roddick and Andre Agassi survived minor scares to reach the last eight of the SAP Open.	sport
All Black magic: New Zealand rugby Playing colours:	sport
Injury doubts beset Wales squad Wales have a clutch of injury worries before Wednesday's international friendly against Hungary in Cardiff.	sport
Campese berates whingeing England Former Australian wing David Campese has told England to stop whingeing in the wake of their defeat to Ireland.	sport
Sociedad set to rescue Mladenovic Rangers are set to loan out-of-favour midfielder Dragan Mladenovic to Real Sociedad, despite the closure of the January transfer window.	sport
Ireland v USA (Sat) Saturday 20 November	sport
Farrell saga to drag on - Lindsay Wigan chairman Maurice Lindsay says he does not expect a quick solution to the on-going saga of captain Andy Farrell's possible switch to rugby union.	sport
Roche 'turns down Federer offer' Australian tennis coach Tony Roche has turned down an approach from Roger Federer to be the world number one's new full-time coach, say reports.	sport
Dunne keen to commit to Man City Richard Dunne is ready to commit his long-term future to Manchester City after turning his career around.	sport
Wales get Williams fitness boost Wales are hopeful that openside flanker Martyn Williams could be fit for Saturday's RBS 6 Nations championship opener against England in Cardiff.	sport
McLeish ready for criticism Rangers manager Alex McLeish accepts he is going to be criticised after their disastrous Uefa Cup exit at the hands of Auxerre at Ibrox on Wednesday.	sport
Italy 17-28 Ireland Two moments of magic from Brian O'Driscoll guided Ireland to a workmanlike victory against Italy.	sport
Mourinho receives Robson warning Sir Bobby Robson has offered Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho some advice on coping under pressure.	sport
Moore questions captaincy Brian Moore believes the England captain should not be a full-back.	sport
Injury sidelines Philippoussis Mark Philippoussis withdrew from the Sydney International tennis tournament as expected on Sunday after suffering a groin injury during the Hopman Cup.	sport
Sprinter Walker quits athletics Former European 200m champion Dougie Walker is to retire from athletics after a series of six operations left him struggling for fitness.	sport
IAAF will contest Greek decision The International Association of Athletics Federations will appeal against the acquittal of Greek athletes Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou.	sport
Serena becomes world number two Serena Williams has moved up five places to second in the world rankings after her Australian Open win.	sport
Henman overcomes rival Rusedski Tim Henman saved a match point before fighting back to defeat British rival Greg Rusedski 4-6 7-6 (8-6) 6-4 at the Dubai Tennis Championships on Tuesday.	sport
Nadal puts Spain 2-0 up Result: Nadal 6-7 (6/8) 6-2 7-6 (8/6) 6-2 Roddick	sport
Uefa approves fake grass Uefa says it will allow European matches to be played on artificial pitches from the start of next season.	sport
Barkley fit for match in Ireland England centre Olly Barkley has been passed fit for Sunday's Six Nations clash with Ireland at Lansdowne Road.	sport
Desailly backs Blues revenge trip Marcel Desailly insists there is no chance of history repeating itself when Chelsea take on Barcelona on Wednesday.	sport
Claxton hunting first major medal British hurdler Sarah Claxton is confident she can win her first major medal at next month's European Indoor Championships in Madrid.	sport
Middlesbrough 2-2 Charlton A late header by teenager Danny Graham earned Middlesbrough a battling draw with Charlton at the Riverside.	sport
Fuming Robinson blasts officials England coach Andy Robinson insisted he was "livid" after his side were denied two tries in Sunday's 19-13 Six Nations loss to Ireland in Dublin.	sport
Young debut cut short by Ginepri Fifteen-year-old Donald Young's first appearance in an ATP tennis tournament proved brief as the teenager went out in round one of the San Jose Open.	sport
Kirwan demands Italy consistency Italy coach John Kirwan has challenged his side to match the performance they produced in pushing Ireland close when they meet Wales on Saturday.	sport
Wolves appoint Hoddle as manager Glenn Hoddle has been unveiled as the new Wolves manager.	sport
Moya fights back for Indian title Carlos Moya became the first man to successfully defend the Chennai Open title by beating four-times finalist Paradorn Srichaphan 3-6 6-4 7-6 (7/5).	sport
Klinsmann issues Lehmann warning Germany coach Jurgen Klinsmann has warned goalkeeper Jens Lehmann he may have to quit Arsenal to keep his World Cup dreams alive.	sport
Rusedski angry over supplements Greg Rusedski has criticised the governing body of men's tennis for not releasing contamination-free supplements in time for the new season.	sport
Henin-Hardenne beaten on comeback Justine Henin-Hardenne lost to Elena Dementieva in a comeback exhibition match in Belgium on Sunday for her second defeat in two days.	sport
SFA awaits report over Mikoliunas The Scottish Football Association is awaiting referee Hugh Dallas's report before acting against Hearts winger Saulius Mikoliunas.	sport
Johansson takes Adelaide victory Second seed Joachim Johansson won his second career title with a 7-5 6-3 win over Taylor Dent at the Australian hardcourt championships in Adelaide.	sport
Jansen suffers a further setback Blackburn striker Matt Jansen faces three weeks out after surgery to treat a cartilage problem.	sport
Hewitt falls to Dent in Adelaide Lleyton Hewitt suffered a shock defeat to Taylor Dent in the quarter-finals of the Australian Hardcourt Championships in Adelaide on Friday.	sport
Chelsea denied by James heroics A brave defensive display, led by keeper David James, helped Manchester City hold the leaders Chelsea.	sport
Wales win in Rome Wales secured their first away win in the RBS Six Nations for nearly four years with a six-try victory in Rome.	sport
Barcelona title hopes hit by loss Barcelona's pursuit of the Spanish title took a blow on Sunday as they fell to a 2-0 defeat at home to Atletico Madrid.	sport
Athens memories soar above lows Well, it's goodbye to another Olympic year and as usual there were plenty of highs and lows in Athens.	sport
Mirza makes Indian tennis history Teenager Sania Mirza completed a superb week at the Hyderabad Open by becoming the first Indian in history to win a WTA singles title.	sport
Wilkinson to miss Ireland match England will have to take on Ireland in the Six Nations without captain and goal-kicker Jonny Wilkinson, according to his Newcastle boss Rob Andrew.	sport
Holmes secures comeback victory Britain's Kelly Holmes marked her first appearance on home soil since winning double Olympic gold with 1500m victory at the Norwich Union International.	sport
Newcastle to join Morientes race Newcastle have joined the race to sign Real Madrid striker Fernando Morientes and scupper Liverpool's bid to snap up the player, according to reports.	sport
Jones files lawsuit against Conte Marion Jones has filed a lawsuit for defamation against Balco boss Victor Conte following his allegations that he gave her performance-enhancing drugs.	sport
Johnson uncertain about Euro bid Jade Johnson is undecided about whether to contest next month's European Indoor Championships in Madrid despite winning the AAAs long jump title on Saturday.	sport
D'Arcy injury adds to Ireland woe Gordon D'Arcy has been ruled out of the Ireland team for Saturday's Six Nations clash against Scotland in Murrayfield.	sport
Prutton poised for lengthy FA ban Southampton's David Prutton faces a possible seven-match ban when he goes before the Football Association.	sport
Downing injury mars Uefa victory Middlesbrough boss Steve McClaren hopes that Stewart Downing did not seriously damage his hamstring during the 2-1 Uefa Cup win over Graz AK.	sport
Hantuchova in Dubai last eight Daniela Hantuchova moved into the quarter-finals of the Dubai Open, after beating Elene Likhotseva of Russia 7-5 6-4, and now faces Serena Williams.	sport
Teenager Tait picked for England Newcastle's teenage centre Mathew Tait has been named as a centre in England's team to face Wales in the Six Nations opener in Cardiff on Saturday.	sport
Wood - Ireland can win Grand Slam Former captain Keith Wood believes Ireland can win only their second Grand Slam - and first since 1948 - in this year's RBS Six Nations Championship.	sport
Man City 0-2 Man Utd Manchester United reduced Chelsea's Premiership lead to nine points after a scrappy victory over Manchester City.	sport
Butler strikes gold in Spain Britain's Kathy Butler continued her impressive year with victory in Sunday's 25th Cross Internacional de Venta de Banos in Spain.	sport
Soderling wins tense Milan final Fifth seed Robin Soderling took the Milan Indoors title with a dramatic win over Radek Stepanek in Sunday's final.	sport
Capriati out of Australian Open Jennifer Capriati has become the third leading lady to withdraw from the Australian Open because of injury.	sport
Yeading face Newcastle in FA Cup Premiership side Newcastle United face a trip to Ryman Premier League leaders Yeading in the FA Cup third round.	sport
Finnan says Irish can win group Steve Finnan believes the Republic of Ireland can qualify directly for the World Cup finals.	sport
Healey targets England comeback Leicester wing Austin Healey hopes to use Sunday's return Heineken Cup clash with Wasps as a further springboard to an England recall for the Six Nations.	sport
Lions blow to World Cup winners British and Irish Lions coach Clive Woodward says he is unlikely to select any players not involved in next year's RBS Six Nations Championship.	sport
Dallaglio his own man to the end Controversy and Lawrence Dallaglio have never been very far away from each other throughout a glittering international career.	sport
Calder fears for Scottish rugby Former Scotland international Finlay Calder fears civil war at the SRU could seriously hamper his country's RBS Six Nations campaign.	sport
Strachan turns down Pompey Former Southampton manager Gordon Strachan has rejected the chance to become Portsmouth's new boss.	sport
Borders 19-20 Ulster Ulster clung on for a morale-boosting Celtic League win over bottom club Borders at Netherdale on Friday night.	sport
Celtic unhappy over Bulgaria date Martin O'Neill hopes to block Stilian Petrov's call-up by Bulgaria during Celtic's busy festive programme.	sport
Rush future at Chester uncertain Ian Rush's future as Chester manager is uncertain after he and assistant Mark Aizlewood refused a severance package.	sport
McClaren hails Boro's Uefa spirit Middlesbrough boss Steve McClaren has praised the way his side have got to grips with European football after the 2-0 Uefa Cup win against Lazio.	sport
Safin cool on Wimbledon Newly-crowned Australian Open champion Marat Safin has ruled out any chance of winning Wimbledon in the future.	sport
A year to remember for Irish There used to be one subliminal moment during a year in Irish rugby that stood out more than most.	sport
Wenger steps up row Arsene Wenger has stepped up his feud with Sir Alex Ferguson by claiming the Manchester United manager is guilty of bringing football into disrepute.	sport
Dundee Utd 4-1 Aberdeen Dundee United eased into the semi-final of the Scottish Cup with an emphatic win over Aberdeen.	sport
Gardener wins double in Glasgow Britain's Jason Gardener enjoyed a double 60m success in Glasgow in his first competitive outing since he won 100m relay gold at the Athens Olympics.	sport
Wasps 31-37 Leicester Leicester withstood a stunning Wasps comeback to win a pulsating Heineken Cup encounter at the Causeway Stadium.	sport
Everton's Weir cools Euro hopes Everton defender David Weir has played down talk of European football, despite his team lying in second place in the Premiership after beating Liverpool.	sport
Roddick to face Saulnier in final Andy Roddick will play Cyril Saulnier in the final of the SAP Open in San Jose on Sunday.	sport
Trial date is set for Balco case A US judge has set a preliminary trial date for the Balco steroid distribution case which has rocked athletics.	sport
McIlroy aiming for Madrid title Northern Ireland man James McIlroy is confident he can win his first major title at this weekend's Spar European Indoor Championships in Madrid.	sport
Johnson edges out rival Sotherton Jade Johnson edged out rival Kelly Sotherton with her last effort to claim the AAAs long jump title at the Norwich Union European Indoor trials.	sport
Spurs to sign Iceland U21 star Tottenham are primed to snap up Iceland Under-21 international Emil Hallfredsson after he impressed on trial at White Hart Lane.	sport
Arsenal through on penalties Arsenal win 4-2 on penalties	sport
Santini resigns as Spurs manager Tottenham manager Jacques Santini has resigned for "personal reasons".	sport
Tomlinson stays focused on Europe Long jumper Chris Tomlinson has cut his schedule to ensure he is fully fit for the European Indoor Championships.	sport
WRU proposes season overhaul The Welsh Rugby Union wants to restructure the Northern Hemisphere season into four separate blocks.	sport
Ferrero eyes return to top form Former world number one Juan Carlos Ferrero insists he can get back to his best despite a tough start to 2005.	sport
Yelling takes Cardiff hat-trick European cross-country champion Hayley Yelling completed a hat-trick of wins in the Reebok Cardiff Cross Challenge in Bute Park on Sunday afternoon.	sport
Murphy: That was a bruising battle That's what I call a tough game. It was very physical and fair play to the Italians they made us work very hard for our victory.	sport
Hingis hints at playing comeback Martina Hingis has admitted that she might consider a competitive return to tennis if an appearance in Thailand later this month goes well.	sport
Wales silent on Grand Slam talk Rhys Williams says Wales are still not thinking of winning the Grand Slam despite a third Six Nations win.	sport
Captains lining up for Aid match Ireland's Brian O'Driscoll is one of four Six Nations captains included in the Northern Hemisphere squad for the IRB Rugby Aid match on 5 March.	sport
Hereford 1-1 Doncaster Hereford win 3-1 on penalties.	sport
Wales critical of clumsy Grewcock Wales coach Mike Ruddock says England lock Danny Grewcock needs to review his actions after he kicked Dwayne Peel.	sport
Philippoussis doubt over Open bid Mark Philippoussis is almost certain to miss the Australian Open after suffering a groin injury during the Hopman Cup loss to the Netherlands.	sport
Sella wants Michalak recall Former France centre Philippe Sella believes coach Bernard Laporte must recall Frederic Michalak to give his side any chance of beating Ireland.	sport
O'Sullivan commits to Dublin race Sonia O'Sullivan will seek to regain her title at the Bupa Great Ireland Run on 9 April in Dublin.	sport
Holmes is hit by hamstring injury Kelly Holmes has been forced out of this weekend's European Indoor Athletics Championships after picking up a hamstring injury during training.	sport
O'Connell rejects Lions rumours Ireland and Munster lock Paul O'Connell has dismissed media reports linking him to the captaincy of the Lions tour to New Zealand this summer.	sport
Benitez joy as Reds take control Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez was satisfied after his team's 3-1 win over Bayer Leverkusen despite conceding a goal in the last minute.	sport
Paris promise raises Welsh hopes Has there been a better Six Nations match than Saturday's epic in Paris?	sport
Clyde 0-5 Celtic Celtic brushed aside Clyde to secure their place in the Scottish Cup semi-final, but only after a nervy and testing first half.	sport
Lomu relishing return to action Former All Black star Jonah Lomu says he cannot wait to run out on the pitch for former England rugby union captain Martin Johnson's testimonial on 4 June.	sport
McIlroy continues winning streak James McIlroy stormed to his second international victory in less than a week, claiming the men's 800m at the TEAG indoor meeting in Erfurt.	sport
Parker misses England clash Tom Shanklin will start in the centre for Wales against England in Cardiff on Saturday after Sonny Parker failed to recover from a trapped neck nerve.	sport
Rusedski forced out in Marseille Greg Rusedski was forced to withdraw from the Open 13 in Marseille on Thursday with a rib injury.	sport
Ferguson rues failure to cut gap Boss Sir Alex Ferguson was left ruing Manchester United's failure to close the gap on Chelsea, Everton and Arsenal after his side's 1-1 draw with Fulham.	sport
Robinson ready for difficult task England coach Andy Robinson faces the first major test of his tenure as he tries to get back to winning ways after the Six Nations defeat by Wales.	sport
Dent continues Adelaide progress American Taylor Dent reached the final of the Australian hardcourt event in Adelaide with a crushing 6-1 6-1 win over Argentine Juan Ignacio Chela.	sport
Moody joins up with England Lewis Moody has flown to Dublin to join England's camp ahead of their RBS Six Nations game against Ireland on Sunday.	sport
Reaction from Spanish press England's 1-0 defeat to Spain on Wednesday dominated the back and front pages of the country's press on Thursday.	sport
Mourinho defiant on Chelsea form Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has insisted that Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger would swap places with him.	sport
Hewitt fights back to reach final Lleyton Hewitt kept his dream of an Australian Open title alive with a four-set win over Andy Roddick in Friday's second semi-final.	sport
Dawson wins England squad recall Wasps scrum-half Matt Dawson has been recalled to England's training squad ahead of the RBS Six Nations and been reinstated in the Elite Player Squad.	sport
Gallas sees two-horse race Chelsea's William Gallas believes they will battle it out with Arsenal for the Premiership in the coming months.	sport
Campbell lifts lid on United feud Arsenal's Sol Campbell has called the rivalry between Manchester United and the Gunners "bitter and personal".	sport
Sydney to host north v south game Sydney will host a northern versus southern hemisphere charity match in June or July, the Australian Rugby Union (ARU) said on Wednesday.	sport
Hewitt survives Nalbandian epic Home favourite Lleyton Hewitt came through a dramatic five-set battle with Argentine David Nalbandian to reach the Australian Open semi-finals.	sport
Cole refuses to blame van Persie Ashley Cole has refused to blame Robin van Persie for leaving Arsenal with no fully-fit strikers for the FA Cup fifth round replay at Sheffield United.	sport
Davenport hits out at Wimbledon World number one Lindsay Davenport has criticised Wimbledon over the issue of equal prize money for women.	sport
Connors boost for British tennis Former world number one Jimmy Connors is planning a long-term relationship with the Lawn Tennis Association to help unearth the next Tim Henman.	sport
Liverpool revel in night of glory Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez said their qualification for the next stage of the Champions League was "one of the proudest nights of my career."	sport
Tindall aiming to earn Lions spot Bath and England centre Mike Tindall believes he can make this summer's Lions tour, despite missing most of the season through injury.	sport
Tevez - an Argentine in Brazil Some 65 years ago Bernardo Gandulla left Boca Juniors in his native Argentina and headed for Brazil.	sport
Holmes urged to compete at Worlds Jolanda Ceplak has urged Britain's Kelly Holmes to continue competing at the major championships.	sport
Beckham relief as Real go through David Beckham expressed his relief at Real Madrid's passage to the Champions League knockout phase.	sport
Iranian misses Israel match Iranian striker Vahid Hashemian will not travel to Israel for Bayern Munich's Champions League match against Maccabi Tel Aviv on Wednesday.	sport
Houllier praises Benitez regime Former Liverpool manager Gerard Houllier has praised the work of his Anfield successor Rafael Benitez.	sport
Roddick in talks over new coach Andy Roddick is reportedly close to confirming US Davis Cup assistant Dean Goldfine as his new coach.	sport
Hewitt overcomes wobble in Sydney Lleyton Hewitt gave himself the perfect preparation for next week's Australian Open with victory over Ivo Minar in the final of the Sydney International.	sport
English clubs make Euro history All four of England's Champions League representatives have reached the knockout stages for the first time.	sport
O'Driscoll saves Irish blushes Two moments of magic from Brian O'Driscoll guided Ireland to a workmanlike victory against Italy.	sport
McClaren eyes Uefa Cup top spot Steve McClaren wants his Middlesbrough team to win their Uefa Cup group by beating Partizan Belgrade.	sport
Robben sidelined with broken foot Chelsea winger Arjen Robben has broken two metatarsal bones in his foot and will be out for at least six weeks.	sport
Holmes starts 2005 with GB events Kelly Holmes will start 2005 with a series of races in Britain.	sport
Rovers reject third Ferguson bid Blackburn have rejected a third bid from Rangers for Scotland captain Barry Ferguson, BBC Sport has learnt.	sport
UK Athletics agrees new kit deal UK Athletics has agreed a new deal with adidas to supply Great Britain squads of all ages with their kit for the next four years.	sport
Hodgson shoulders England blame Fly-half Charlie Hodgson admitted his wayward kicking played a big part in England's 18-17 defeat to France.	sport
Mirza shocks Kuznetsova Sania Mirza continued her remarkable rise with victory over US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova at the Dubai Championships on Tuesday.	sport
Jones doping probe begins An investigation into doping claims against Marion Jones has been opened by the International Olympic Committee.	sport
Juninho demand for O'Neill talks Juninho's agent has confirmed that the player is hoping for talks with Martin O'Neill as the Brazilian midfielder comes closer to departing Celtic.	sport
Clijsters could play Aussie Open Kim Clijsters has denied reports that she has pulled out of January's Australian Open because of her persistent wrist injury.	sport
Dominici backs lacklustre France Wing Christophe Dominici says France can claim another Six Nations Grand Slam despite two lacklustre wins so far against Scotland and England.	sport
Hearts of Oak 3-2 Cotonsport Hearts of Oak set up an all Ghanaian Confederation Cup final with a 3-2 win over Cameroon's Cotonsport Garoua in Accra on Sunday.	sport
Federer claims Dubai crown World number one Roger Federer added the Dubai Championship trophy to his long list of successes - but not before he was given a test by Ivan Ljubicic.	sport
Mauresmo opens with victory in LA Amelie Mauresmo and Maria Sharapova won their opening matches at the Tour Championships in Los Angeles.	sport
Capriati to miss Melbourne Jennifer Capriati has become the third leading lady to withdraw from the Australian Open because of injury.	sport
FA charges Liverpool and Millwall Liverpool and Millwall have been charged by the Football Association over crowd trouble during their Carling Cup match on 26 October.	sport
Man Utd stroll to Cup win Wayne Rooney made a winning return to Everton as Manchester United cruised into the FA Cup quarter-finals.	sport
Hearts 2-1 Livingston Hearts wrapped up their Scottish Cup quarter-final tie against Livingston with two goals in the first 10 minutes.	sport
Blackburn v Burnley Ewood Park	sport
Greek pair set for hearing Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou will fight the provisional two-year bans imposed on them by the IAAF at an independent tribunal this weekend.	sport
Kenyon denies Robben Barca return Chelsea chief executive Peter Kenyon has played down reports that Arjen Robben will return for the Champions League match against Barcelona.	sport
Tottenham bid &#163;8m for Forest duo Nottingham Forest have confirmed they have received an £8m bid from Tottenham for Andy Reid and Michael Dawson.	sport
Coach Ranieri sacked by Valencia Claudio Ranieri has been sacked as Valencia coach just eight months after taking charge at the Primera Liga club for the second time in his career.	sport
Wenger keeping faith with Almunia Arsene Wenger has pledged to keep faith with stand-in keeper Manuel Almunia for the crunch week which could define Arsenal's season.	sport
Newry to fight cup exit in courts Newry City are expected to discuss legal avenues on Friday regarding overturning their ejection from the Nationwide Irish Cup.	sport
White prepared for battle Tough-scrummaging prop Julian White is expecting a resurgent Wales to give him a rough ride in England's Six Nations opener in Cardiff on Saturday.	sport
Holmes back on form in Birmingham Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes was back to her best as she comfortably won the 1,000m at the Norwich Union Birmingham Indoor Grand Prix.	sport
Wada will appeal against ruling The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) will appeal against the acquittal of Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou on doping charges, if the IAAF does not.	sport
Ferguson hails Man Utd's resolve Manchester United's Alex Ferguson has praised his players' gutsy performance in the 1-0 win at Aston Villa.	sport
FA probes crowd trouble The FA is to take action after trouble marred Wednesday's Carling Cup tie between Chelsea and West Ham.	sport
Bomb threat at Bernabeu stadium Spectators were evacuated from Real Madrid's Bernabeu stadium on Sunday following a bomb scare during the game between the hosts and Real Sociedad.	sport
Weir poised for Sunderland move Larne's teenage star Robbie Weir is poised to join Sunderland after turning down a move to Stoke City.	sport
Boro suffer Morrison injury blow Middlesbrough midfielder James Morrison has been ruled out for up to eight weeks after an operation on Tuesday.	sport
Wenger offers Mutu hope Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger would consider signing Adrian Mutu once the striker has served his drugs ban.	sport
Bath faced with Tindall ultimatum Mike Tindall's agent has warned Bath they have until next week to improve their contract offer to the England man or risk losing him to a rival club.	sport
McClaren targets Champions League Middlesbrough boss Steve McClaren believes his side can clinch a top-four spot in the Premiership and secure qualification for the Champions League.	sport
Wales want rugby league training Wales could follow England's lead by training with a rugby league club.	sport
Pavey focuses on indoor success Jo Pavey will miss January's View From Great Edinburgh International Cross Country to focus on preparing for the European Indoor Championships in March.	sport
Celtic make late bid for Bellamy Newcastle striker Craig Bellamy is discussing a possible short-term loan move to Celtic, BBC Sport understands.	sport
Sydney return for Henin-Hardenne Olympic champion Justine Henin-Hardenne will return to action in January's Sydney International tournament.	sport
Greek duo cleared in doping case Sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have been cleared of doping offences by an independent tribunal.	sport
Vickery upbeat about arm injury England prop Phil Vickery is staying positive despite a broken arm ruling him out of the RBS Six Nations.	sport
Britain boosted by Holmes double Athletics fans endured a year of mixed emotions in 2004 as stunning victories went hand-in-hand with disappointing defeats and more drugs scandals.	sport
Ireland 17-12 South Africa Ronan O'Gara scored all Ireland's points as the home side claimed only their second ever win over South Africa on an emotional day at Lansdowne Road.	sport
Blues slam Blackburn over Savage Birmingham have confirmed Blackburn made a bid for Robbie Savage - but managing director Karen Brady has called it "derisory".	sport
Stuart joins Norwich from Addicks Norwich have signed Charlton midfielder Graham Stuart until the end of the season for an undisclosed fee.	sport
Llewellyn plans Wales retirement Wales record cap holder Gareth Llewellyn will retire from Test rugby at the end of the Six Nations.	sport
Highbury tunnel players in clear The Football Association has said it will not be bringing charges over the tunnel incident prior to the Arsenal and Manchester United game.	sport
Moya clinches Cup for Spain Spain won the Davis Cup for the second time in their history when Carlos Moya beat the USA's Andy Roddick in the fourth rubber in Seville.	sport
Tigers wary of Farrell 'gamble' Leicester say they will not be rushed into making a bid for Andy Farrell should the Great Britain rugby league captain decide to switch codes.	sport
Faultless Federer has no equal Roger Federer - nice bloke, fantastic tennis player - the ultimate sportsman.	sport
QPR keeper Day heads for Preston Queens Park Rangers keeper Chris Day is set to join Preston on a month's loan.	sport
Double injury blow strikes Wales Wales centre Sonny Parker and number eight Ryan Jones will miss Saturday's game with Italy because of injury.	sport
Ref stands by Scotland decisions The referee from Saturday's France v Scotland Six Nations match has defended the officials' handling of the game after criticism by Matt Williams.	sport
Funding cut hits Wales Students The Wales Students rugby side has become a casualty of the Welsh Rugby Union's reorganisation at youth level.	sport
O'Sullivan keeps his powder dry When you are gunning for glory and ultimate success keeping the gunpowder dry is essential.	sport
Gerrard happy at Anfield Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has reiterated his desire to stay at Anfield and win trophies with the club.	sport
Moya suffers shock loss Fifth seed Carlos Moya was the first big name to fall at the Australian Open as he went down to fellow Spaniard Guillermo Garcia-Lopez on Monday.	sport
Johnson accuses British sprinters Former Olympic champion Michael Johnson has accused Britain's top sprinters of lacking pride and ambition.	sport
Greene sets sights on world title Maurice Greene aims to wipe out the pain of losing his Olympic 100m title in Athens by winning a fourth World Championship crown this summer.	sport
Wales coach elated with win Mike Ruddock paid tribute to his Wales side after they came from 15-6 down to beat France 24-18 in the Six Nations.	sport
Angry Williams rejects criticism Serena Williams has angrily rejected claims that she and sister Venus are a declining force in tennis.	sport
Old Firm pair handed suspensions Celtic's Henri Camara and Nacho Novo of Rangers have both been suspended for offences missed by the referee in a recent Old Firm game.	sport
England claim Dubai Sevens glory England beat Fiji 26-21 in a dramatic final in Dubai to win the first IRB Sevens event of the season.	sport
Wolves appoint Hoddle as manager Glenn Hoddle will be unveiled as the new Wolves manager on Tuesday.	sport
Kenteris denies faking road crash Greek sprinter Kostas Kenteris has denied claims that he faked a motorbike crash to avoid a doping test days before the start of the Olympics.	sport
Time to get tough on friendlies? For an international manager, a friendly provides an important opportunity to work with your players.	sport
Souness backs Smith for Scotland Graeme Souness believes Walter Smith would be the perfect choice to succeed Berti Vogts as Scotland manager.	sport
Sculthorpe wants Lions captaincy Paul Sculthorpe has admitted he would love to succeed Andy Farrell as Great Britain skipper if the Wigan star does switch codes to rugby union.	sport
Rochus shocks Coria in Auckland Top seed Guillermo Coria went out of the Heineken Open in Auckland on Thursday with a surprise loss to Olivier Rochus of Belgium.	sport
Ivanovic seals Canberra victory Serbia's Ana Ivanovic captured her first WTA title with a straight-sets victory over Hungarian Melinda Czink in the final of the Canberra Classic.	sport
Premier League planning Cole date The Premier League is attempting to find a mutually convenient date to investigate allegations Chelsea made an illegal approach for Ashley Cole.	sport
Israeli club look to Africa Four African players, including Zimbabwe goalkeeper Energy Murambadoro, are all ready to play for Israeli club Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin in the Uefa Cup.	sport
Campbell to extend sprint career Darren Campbell has set his sights on running quicker than ever after deciding not to retire from sprinting.	sport
Wales make two changes for France Wales coach Mike Ruddock has made two changes from the team that beat Italy 38-8 for Saturday's trip to France.	sport
Wright-Phillips to start on right England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has revealed Shaun Wright-Phillips will start against the Netherlands.	sport
Stam spices up Man Utd encounter AC Milan defender Jaap Stam says Manchester United "know they made a mistake" by selling him in 2001.	sport
Jones happy with Henson heroics Wales fly-half Stephen Jones admitted he was happy to hand Gavin Henson responsibility for taking the match-winning kick against England.	sport
Cup holders Man Utd visit Everton Holders Manchester United and Premiership leaders Chelsea both face difficult away ties against Premiership opposition in the FA Cup fifth round.	sport
Robben plays down European return Injured Chelsea winger Arjen Robben has insisted that he only has a 10% chance of making a return against Barcelona in the Champions League.	sport
Souness eyes summer move for Owen Newcastle boss Graeme Souness is lining up a summer move for England and Real Madrid striker Michael Owen.	sport
Benitez 'to launch Morientes bid' Liverpool may launch an £8m January bid for long-time target Fernando Morientes, according to reports.	sport
Wilkinson to lead England Fly-half Jonny Wilkinson has been named as England's new rugby union captain for the three November Tests.	sport
Zambia confident and cautious Zambia's technical director, Kalusha Bwalya is confident and cautious ahead of the Cosafa Cup final against Angola on Saturday in Lusaka.	sport
Edwards tips Idowu for Euro gold World outdoor triple jump record holder and BBC pundit Jonathan Edwards believes Phillips Idowu can take gold at the European Indoor Championships.	sport
Melzer shocks Agassi in San Jose Second seed Andre Agassi suffered a comprehensive defeat by Jurgen Melzer in the quarter-finals of the SAP Open.	sport
Newcastle line up Babayaro Newcastle manager Graeme Souness is closing in on signing Chelsea defender Celestine Babayaro when the transfer window reopens.	sport
Moyes U-turn on Beattie dismissal Everton manager David Moyes will discipline striker James Beattie after all for his headbutt on Chelsea defender William Gallas.	sport
Munster Cup tie switched to Spain Munster's Heineken Cup quarter-final tie against Biarritz on 3 April has been switched to Real Sociedad's Paseo de Anoeta stadium in San Sebastian.	sport
Ferdinand casts doubt over Glazer Rio Ferdinand has said he is unsure of Malcolm Glazer's motives after the American billionaire launched a new offer to buy Manchester United.	sport
Henman to face Saulnier test British number one Tim Henman will face France's Cyril Saulnier in the first round of next week's Australian Open.	sport
Kuznetsova 'failed a drugs test' US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova has tested positive for a banned drug, according to Belgian authorities.	sport
Reds sink 10-man Magpies Titus Bramble's own goal put Liverpool on the comeback trail as injury-hit Newcastle were well beaten at Anfield.	sport
Souness delight at Euro progress Boss Graeme Souness felt Newcastle were never really in danger of going out of the Uefa Cup against Heerenveen.	sport
Smith aims to bring back respect Scotland manager Walter Smith says he wants to restore the national team's respectability in world football.	sport
Bekele sets sights on world mark Olympic 10,000m champion Kenenisa Bekele is determined to add the world indoor two mile record at February's Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham.	sport
Chelsea sack Mutu Chelsea have sacked Adrian Mutu after he failed a drugs test.	sport
Italy aim to rattle England Italy coach John Kirwan believes his side can upset England as the Six Nations wooden spoon battle hots up.	sport
Robinson answers critics England captain Jason Robinson has rubbished suggestions that the world champions are a team in decline.	sport
Leeds v Saracens (Fri) Headingley	sport
Davenport puts retirement on hold Lindsay Davenport has put any talk of retirement on hold after having a largely injury-free 2004 campaign.	sport
Mourinho takes swipe at Arsenal Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has attempted to pile the pressure on title rivals Arsenal ahead of the Gunners facing Newcastle on Wednesday.	sport
Robinson wants dual code success England rugby union captain Jason Robinson has targeted dual code success over Australia on Saturday.	sport
Desailly backs Blues revenge trip Marcel Desailly insists there is no chance of history repeating itself when Chelsea take on Barcelona on Wednesday.	sport
Serena ends Sania Mirza's dream Sania Mirza, the first Indian woman to reach the third round of a Grand Slam tennis event, has lost to women's favourite Serena Williams.	sport
England 'to launch ref protest' England will protest to the International Rugby Board (IRB) about the referee's performance in the defeat by Ireland, reports the Daily Mail.	sport
Balco case trial date pushed back The trial date for the Bay Area Laboratory Cooperative (Balco) steroid distribution case has been postponed.	sport
Collins appeals against drugs ban Sprinter Michelle Collins has lodged an appeal against her eight-year doping ban with the North American Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).	sport
What now for British tennis? Tim Henman's decision to quit Davis Cup tennis has left the British team with a gargantuan void to fill.	sport
Worcester v Sale (Fri) Sixways	sport
Arnesen denies rift with Santini Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen has denied that coach Jacques Santini resigned because of a clash of personalities at White Hart Lane.	sport
Robben and Cole earn Chelsea win Cheslea salvaged a win against a battling Portsmouth side just as it looked like the Premiership leaders would have to settle for a point.	sport
Edgy Agassi struggles past Dent Andre Agassi put in an erratic display before edging into the fourth round of the Australian Open with victory over Taylor Dent.	sport
Clijsters hope on Aussie Open Kim Clijsters has denied reports that she has pulled out of January's Australian Open because of her persistent wrist injury.	sport
Dibaba breaks 5,000m world record Ethiopia's Tirunesh Dibaba set a new world record in winning the women's 5,000m at the Boston Indoor Games.	sport
IAAF launches fight against drugs The IAAF - athletics' world governing body - has met anti-doping officials, coaches and athletes to co-ordinate the fight against drugs in sport.	sport
Parry relishes Anfield challenge BBC Sport reflects on the future for Liverpool after our exclusive interview with chief executive Rick Parry.	sport
Benitez issues warning to Gerrard Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has ordered captain Steven Gerrard not to play down their Champions League ambitions and be more positive.	sport
Ireland call up uncapped Campbell Ulster scrum-half Kieran Campbell is one of five uncapped players included in Ireland's RBS Six Nations squad.	sport
Moya emotional after Davis Cup win Carlos Moya described Spain's Davis Cup victory as the highlight of his career after he beat Andy Roddick to end the USA's challenge in Seville.	sport
Dallaglio eyeing Lions tour place Former England captain Lawrence Dallaglio still harbours hopes of a place on the British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand.	sport
Parry puts Gerrard 'above money' Listen to the full interview on Sport on Five and the BBC Sport website from 1900 GMT.	sport
Jol joy at 'professional' Cup win Tottenham manager Martin Jol acclaimed his players for their patience in their 3-0 FA Cup fifth-round victory over a determined Nottingham Forest side.	sport
Mourinho to escape FA charge Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho will not face any Football Association action over the comments he made after their Carling Cup tie with Manchester United.	sport
Veteran Martinez wins Thai title Conchita Martinez won her first title in almost five years with victory over Anna-Lena Groenefeld at the Volvo Women's Open in Pattaya, Thailand.	sport
Benitez delight after crucial win Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez admitted victory against Deportivo La Coruna was vital in their tight Champions League group.	sport
Thanou bullish over drugs hearing Katerina Thanou is confident she and fellow sprinter Kostas Kenteris will not be punished for missing drugs tests before the Athens Olympics.	sport
Owen set for skipper role Wales number eight Michael Owen says replacing Gareth Thomas as Wales' captain will be straightforward because of the leadership quality in the squad.	sport
Corry backs skipper Robinson England forward Martin Corry says Jason Robinson is the right man to lead the national team back to winning ways.	sport
Williams stays on despite dispute Matt Williams insists he has no thoughts of quitting as national coach as a result of the power struggle currently gripping Scottish rugby.	sport
Roddick splits from coach Gilbert Andy Roddick has ended an 18-month association with coach Brad Gilbert which yielded the US Open title and saw the American become world number one.	sport
Radcliffe tackles marathon tasks Paula Radcliffe faces arguably the biggest test of her career in the New York City Marathon on Sunday.	sport
Hingis to make unexpected return Martina Hingis makes her return to competitve tennis after two years out of the game at the Volvo Women's Open in Pattaya, Thailand, on Tuesday.	sport
Venus stunned by Farina Elia Venus Williams suffered a first-round defeat for the first time in four years at the Dubai Championships.	sport
O'Leary agrees new Villa contract Aston Villa boss David O'Leary signed a three-and-a-half year contract extension on Thursday, securing his future at the club until summer 2008.	sport
2004: An Irish Athletics Year 2004 won't be remembered as one of Irish athletics' great years.	sport
Player burn-out worries Robinson England coach Andy Robinson says English rugby has to act now to prevent injury destroying players' careers.	sport
Beattie return calms attack fears Everton striker James Beattie has been declared fit for training on Tuesday, despite suffering an alleged assault last Saturday.	sport
Moya sidesteps Davis Cup in 2005 Carlos Moya has chosen not to help Spain try and defend the Davis Cup crown they won in Seville in November.	sport
Curbishley delight for Johansson Charlton manager Alan Curbishley paid tribute to two-goal striker Jonatan Johansson after beating Norwich.	sport
Scots suffer another injury blow Scotland's back row crisis has worsened ahead of the RBS Six Nations with news that Scott Gray will miss out on the opening matches.	sport
Irish finish with home game Republic of Ireland manager Brian Kerr has been granted his wish for a home game as the final World Cup qualifier.	sport
Collins calls for Chambers return World 100m champion Kim Collins says suspended sprinter Dwain Chambers should be allowed to compete in the Olympics again.	sport
Brentford v Southampton Griffin Park	sport
Clijsters set for February return Tennis star Kim Clijsters will make her return from a career-threatening injury at the Antwerp WTA event in February.	sport
El Guerrouj targets cross country Double Olympic champion Hicham El Guerrouj is set to make a rare appearance at the World Cross Country Championships in France.	sport
Gatlin and Hayes win Owen awards American Olympic stars Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes have been named the winners of the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards, USA Track & Field's (USATF) top honour.	sport
Republic to face China and Italy The Republic of Ireland have arranged friendlies against China and Italy which will take place at Lansdowne Road in March and August.	sport
Chepkemei joins Edinburgh line-up Susan Chepkemei has decided she is fit enough to run in next month's Great Edinburgh International Cross Country.	sport
Edu blasts Arsenal Arsenal's Brazilian midfielder Edu has hit out at the club for stalling over offering him a new contract.	sport
Classy Henman makes winning start Tim Henman opened his 2005 campaign with a 6-1 7-5 victory over Argentine David Nalbandian at the Kooyong Classic exhibition tournament on Wednesday.	sport
Call for Kenteris to be cleared Kostas Kenteris' lawyer has called for the doping charges against the Greek sprinter to be dropped.	sport
Murray returns to Scotland fold Euan Murray has been named in the Scotland training squad after an eight-week ban, ahead of Saturday's Six Nations match with Ireland.	sport
London Irish 19-33 Wasps Wasps made light of the absence of several internationals to sink London Irish with a trio of second-half tries.	sport
Stevens named in England line-up England have named Bath prop Matt Stevens in the starting line-up for their Six Nations match against Ireland at Lansdowne Road on Sunday.	sport
Owen determined to stay in Madrid England forward Michael Owen has told the BBC he is happy in Spain and has no plans to quit Real Madrid to return to the Premiership in the near future.	sport
Bortolami predicts dour contest Italy skipper Marco Bortolami believes Saturday's Six Nations contest against Scotland will be a scrappy encounter.	sport
Aragones angered by racism fine Spain coach Luis Aragones is furious after being fined by The Spanish Football Federation for his comments about Thierry Henry.	sport
Solskjaer raises hopes of return Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said he hoped to return next season following a career-threatening injury to his right knee.	sport
Ireland 19-13 England Ireland consigned England to their third straight Six Nations defeat with a stirring victory at Lansdowne Road.	sport
England coach faces rap after row England coach Andy Robinson is facing disciplinary action after criticising referee Jonathan Kaplan in his side's Six Nations defeat to Ireland.	sport
Hodges announces rugby retirement Scarlets and USA Eagles forward Dave Hodges has ended his playing career to pursue a coaching role in the States.	sport
Harinordoquy suffers France axe Number eight Imanol Harinordoquy has been dropped from France's squad for the Six Nations match with Ireland in Dublin on 12 March.	sport
Candela completes Bolton switch Bolton boss Sam Allardyce has signed Roma defender Vincent Candela on a five-month deal.	sport
Lewis-Francis turns to Christie Mark Lewis-Francis has stepped up his preparations for the new season by taking advice from British sprint icon Linford Christie.	sport
Greek sprinters 'won't run again' The careers of sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou are over, says the boss of the organisation that cleared them of missing a drugs test.	sport
Wenger shock at Newcastle dip Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has admitted he is at a loss to explain why Newcastle are languishing in the bottom half of the table.	sport
Palace threat over Cantona masks Manchester United fans wearing Eric Cantona masks will not be allowed in Selhurst Park on Saturday.	sport
Jones medals 'must go if guilty' World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) chief Dick Pound says Marion Jones should be stripped of all her medals if found guilty of taking banned substances.	sport
McCall earns Tannadice reprieve Dundee United manager Ian McCall has won a reprieve from the sack, with chairman Eddie Thompson calling for an end to speculation over his future.	sport
Robinson out of Six Nations England captain Jason Robinson will miss the rest of the Six Nations because of injury.	sport
Slovakia seal Hopman Cup success Slovakia clinched the Hopman Cup for the second time by beating Argentina 3-0 in Saturday's final in Perth.	sport
Isinbayeva heads for Birmingham Olympic pole vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva has confirmed she will take part in the 2005 Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham on 18 February.	sport
Federer breezes into semi-finals Roger Federer reached the last four of the Qatar Open with an easy 6-1 6-2 win over seventh seed Feliciano Lopez.	sport
Ronaldo considering new contract Manchester United winger Cristiano Ronaldo said he is close to agreeing to a new contract at Old Trafford.	sport
Dementieva prevails in Hong Kong Elena Dementieva swept aside defending champion Venus Williams 6-3 6-2 to win Hong Kong's Champions Challenge event.	sport
Thomas out of Six Nations Wales captain Gareth Thomas has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a broken thumb.	sport
South Africa sweep top awards South Africa's Schalk Burger was named player of the year as the Tri-Nations champions swept the top honours at the International Rugby Board's awards.	sport
Newcastle 2-1 Bolton Kieron Dyer smashed home the winner to end Bolton's 10-game unbeaten run.	sport
Dal Maso in to replace Bergamasco David dal Maso has been handed the task of replacing the injured Mauro Bergamasco at flanker in Italy's team to face Scotland on Saturday.	sport
Laporte tinkers with team France coach Bernard Laporte has made four changes to the starting line-up that beat England for Saturday's Six Nations clash with Wales.	sport
Parry firm over Gerrard Listen to the full interview on Sport on Five and the BBC Sport website from 1900 GMT.	sport
Henman & Murray claim LTA awards Tim Henman was named player of the year for 2004 by the Lawn Tennis Association at Wimbledon on Monday.	sport
Can Smith work Scottish wonders? The worst kept secret in Scottish football was revealed on Thursday when Walter Smith was named as the new national manager.	sport
Ferguson rues failure to cut gap Boss Sir Alex Ferguson was left ruing Manchester United's failure to close the gap on Chelsea, Everton and Arsenal after his side's 1-1 draw with Fulham.	sport
Gebrselassie in London triple bid Double Olympic 10,000m champion Haile Gebrselassie will race in the London Marathon for the next three years.	sport
Connors' rallying cry for British tennis "Do you have it in your heart? How much guts do you have? How much do you hate to lose?"	sport
Verdict delay for Greek sprinters Greek athletics' governing body has postponed by two weeks the judgement on sprinters Costas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou for missing doping tests.	sport
Spain coach faces racism inquiry Spain's Football Federation has initiated disciplinary action against national coach Luis Aragones over racist comments about Thierry Henry.	sport
Tindall wants second opinion England centre Mike Tindall is to seek a second opinion before having surgery on a foot injury that could force him to miss the entire Six Nations.	sport
Fear will help France - Laporte France coach Bernard Laporte believes his team will be scared going into their game with England on Sunday, but claims it will work in their favour.	sport
Charvis set to lose fitness bid Flanker Colin Charvis is unlikely to play any part in Wales' final two games of the Six Nations.	sport
Preview: Ireland v England (Sun) Lansdowne Road, Dublin	sport
Scotland 18-10 Italy Six Chris Paterson penalties gave Scotland victory in a dour but clinical encounter against Italy at Murrayfield.	sport
Wales hails new superstar One game into his Six Nations career, and Gavin Henson is already a Welsh legend.	sport
Bees handed potential Man Utd tie Brentford face a home tie against holders Manchester United in the FA Cup sixth round if they can come through their replay against Southampton.	sport
Bortolami predicts dour contest Italy skipper Marco Bortolami believes Saturday's Six Nations contest against Scotland will be a scrappy encounter.	sport
Running around the Olympics It was back to official duties last week in my role as an ambassador to London's 2012 Olympic bid. But I still managed to do all my marathon training.	sport
Barbarians 19-47 New Zealand New Zealand proved too strong for an Australian-dominated Barbarians to round off their unbeaten northern hemisphere tour with an easy win.	sport
Cole faces lengthy injury lay-off Aston Villa's Carlton Cole could be out for six weeks with a knee injury.	sport
Hewitt falls to Dent Lleyton Hewitt suffered a shock defeat to Taylor Dent in the quarter-finals of the Australian Hardcourt Championships in Adelaide on Friday.	sport
Chepkemei hit by big ban Kenya's athletics body has suspended two-time London Marathon runner-up Susan Chepkemei from all competition until the end of the year.	sport
GB select Holmes for double bid Kelly Holmes has been chosen for both the 800m and 1500m at next month's European Indoor Championships - despite not yet confirming her availability.	sport
Slovakia reach Hopman Cup final Slovakia will play Argentina in the final of the Hopman Cup after beating Group B rivals the Netherlands 3-0.	sport
Real in talks over Gravesen move Real Madrid are closing in on a £2m deal for Everton's Thomas Gravesen after the Dane's agent travelled to Spain to hold talks about a move.	sport
Safin plays down Wimbledon hopes Newly-crowned Australian Open champion Marat Safin has ruled out any chance of winning Wimbledon in the future.	sport
Legendary Dutch boss Michels dies Legendary Dutch coach Rinus Michels, the man credited with developing "total football", has died aged 77.	sport
Greek sprinters suspended by IAAF Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have been suspended after failing to take drugs tests before the Athens Olympics.	sport
Anelka 'eyes Man City departure' Striker Nicolas Anelka reportedly wants to leave Manchester City in search of Champions League football.	sport
Mansfield 0-1 Leyton Orient An second-half goal from Andy Scott condemned Mansfield to a ninth successive game without a win.	sport
Beckham rules out management move Real Madrid midfielder David Beckham has no plans to become a manager when his playing career is over.	sport
TV calls after Carroll error Spurs boss Martin Jol said his team were "robbed" at Manchester United after Pedro Mendes' shot clearly crossed the line but was not given.	sport
Bellamy fined after row Newcastle have fined their Welsh striker Craig Bellamy two weeks' wages - about £80,000 - following his row with manager Graeme Souness.	sport
Chelsea ridiculed over complaint Barcelona assistant coach Henk Ten Cate has branded Chelsea's expected complaint to Uefa as "pathetic".	sport
Chelsea hold Arsenal A gripping game between Arsenal and Chelsea ended with the honours finishing even at Highbury.	sport
England given tough Sevens draw England will have to negotiate their way through a tough draw if they are to win the Rugby World Cup Sevens in Hong Kong next month.	sport
Kewell waits as injury drags on Liverpool winger Harry Kewell is struggling to recover from his Achilles tendinitis problem and may not recover until March, claims his agent.	sport
Hitzlsperger waiting on O'Leary Aston Villa's Thomas Hitzlsperger is waiting to learn the future of manager David O'Leary before committing himself to a new contract with the club.	sport
Nadal marches on in Mexico Rafael Nadal continued his run of fine form to beat Guillermo Canas and reach the Mexican Open semis in Acapulco.	sport
Williams says he will never quit Defiant Matt Williams says he will not quit as Scotland coach even if his side slump to a new low with defeat by Italy at Murrayfield.	sport
Vickery out of Six Nations England tight-head prop Phil Vickery has been ruled out of the rest of the 2005 RBS Six Nations after breaking a bone in his right forearm.	sport
Bridge could miss rest of season Chelsea left-back Wayne Bridge could miss the rest of the season with a suspected broken ankle.	sport
Johnson too strong for GB runners Britain's Kathy Butler and Hayley Yelling were no match for Benita Johnson in the 51st Cross International Zornotza in Amorebieta, Spain.	sport
Mourinho plots impressive course Chelsea's win at Fulham - confirming their position at the Premiership summit - proves that they now have everything in place to mount serious challenges on all fronts this season.	sport
Ferguson puts faith in youngsters Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson said he has no regrets after his second-string side lost 3-0 away at Fenerbahce in the Champions League.	sport
Cudicini misses Carling Cup final Chelsea goalkeeper Carlo Cudicini will miss Sunday's Carling Cup final after the club dropped their appeal against his red card against Newcastle.	sport
Agassi fear for Melbourne Andre Agassi's involvement in the Australian Open was put in doubt after he pulled out of the Kooyong Classic with a hip injury.	sport
Lennon brands Rangers favourites Celtic's Neil Lennon admits Rangers could be considered "slight favourites" for the Old Firm CIS Cup clash, but insists his side can still win.	sport
Jones files Conte lawsuit Marion Jones has filed a lawsuit for defamation against Balco boss Victor Conte following his allegations that he gave her performance-enhancing drugs.	sport
Disappointed Scott in solid start Allan Scott is confident of winning a medal at next week's European Indoor Championships after a solid debut on the international circuit.	sport
Parmar ruled out of Davis Cup tie A knee injury has forced Arvind Parmar out of Great Britain's Davis Cup tie in Israel and left Alex Bogdanovic in line to take the second singles place.	sport
Campbell to be Lions consultant Former government communications chief Alastair Campbell will act as a media consultant to Sir Clive Woodward's 2005 Lions on their tour to New Zealand.	sport
Chelsea clinch cup in extra-time (after extra-time - score at 90 mins 1-1)	sport
Gronkjaer agrees switch to Madrid Jesper Gronkjaer has agreed a move to Atletico Madrid from Birmingham City.	sport
Harinordoquy suffers France axe Number eight Imanol Harinordoquy has been dropped from France's squad for the Six Nations match with Ireland in Dublin on 12 March.	sport
Almagro continues Spanish surge Unseeded Nicolas Almagro became the fifth Spaniard to reach the last eight at the Buenos Aires Open, ousting eighth seed Mariano Zabaleta.	sport
Campbell rescues Arsenal Sol Campbell proved to be an unlikely match-winner to earn Arsenal a hard-fought win at Portsmouth.	sport
Williams battles to Aussie title Serena Williams staged a remarkable recovery to beat Lindsay Davenport and win her second Australian Open title.	sport
Gerrard plays down European hopes Steven Gerrard has admitted that Liverpool have little chance of winning the Champions League this season.	sport
Merritt close to indoor 400m mark Teenager LaShawn Merritt ran the third fastest indoor 400m of all time at the Fayetteville Invitational meeting.	sport
Mutu to hold talks with Juventus Disgraced former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is to begin talks with Juventus as he looks for a new club.	sport
Owen delighted with Real display Michael Owen revelled in his return to the to the Real Madrid starting line-up and inspired a 3-1 win over Real Betis on Wednesday by scoring the first goal.	sport
Holmes starts 2005 with GB events Kelly Holmes will start 2005 with a series of races in Britain.	sport
IAAF to rule on Greek sprint pair Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou are expected to find out on Wednesday if they will be banned for missing drugs tests this summer.	sport
Holmes feted with further honour Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes has been voted European Athletics (EAA) woman athlete of 2004 in the governing body's annual poll.	sport
Murray to make Cup history Andrew Murray will become Britain's youngest-ever Davis Cup player after it was confirmed he will play in the doubles against Israel on Saturday.	sport
Wenger handed summer war chest Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has been guaranteed transfer funds to boost his squad the summer.	sport
A November to remember Last Saturday, one newspaper proclaimed that England were still the number one side in the world.	sport
Brizzel to run AAA's in Sheffield Ballymena sprinter Paul Brizzel will be among eight of Ireland's European Indoor hopefuls competing in this weekend's AAA's Championships.	sport
Redknapp poised for Saints Southampton are set to unveil Harry Redknapp as their new manager at a news conference at 1500 GMT on Wednesday.	sport
Edwards tips Idowu for Euro gold World outdoor triple jump record holder and BBC pundit Jonathan Edwards believes Phillips Idowu can take gold at the European Indoor Championships.	sport
Mexicans tracking unhappy Juninho Mexican outfit Red Sharks Veracruz hope to sign Juninho if the Brazilian decides to leave Celtic frustrated at his lack of first-team action.	sport
Roddick into San Jose final Andy Roddick will play Cyril Saulnier in the final of the SAP Open in San Jose on Sunday.	sport
Edu describes tunnel fracas Arsenal's Edu has lifted the lid on the scenes that followed Manchester United's win over the Gunners.	sport
Mido makes third apology Ahmed 'Mido' Hossam has made another apology to the Egyptian people in an attempt to rejoin the national team.	sport
Lewis-Francis eyeing world gold Mark Lewis-Francis says his Olympic success has made him determined to bag World Championship 100m gold in 2005.	sport
Bosvelt optimistic over new deal Manchester City's Paul Bosvelt will find out "within a month" whether he is to be offered a new one-year deal.	sport
Tulu to appear at Caledonian run Two-time Olympic 10,000 metres champion Derartu Tulu has confirmed she will take part in the BUPA Great Caledonian Run in Edinburgh on 8 May.	sport
Microsoft gets the blogging bug Software giant Microsoft is taking the plunge into the world of blogging.	tech
Microsoft launches its own search Microsoft has unveiled the finished version of its home-grown search engine.	tech
Disney backs Sony DVD technology A next generation DVD technology backed by Sony has received a major boost.	tech
US duo in first spam conviction A brother and sister in the US have been convicted of sending hundreds of thousands of unsolicited e-mail messages to AOL subscribers.	tech
Text message record smashed again UK mobile owners continue to break records with their text messaging, with latest figures showing that 26 billion texts were sent in total in 2004.	tech
Lifestyle 'governs mobile choice' Faster, better or funkier hardware alone is not going to help phone firms sell more handsets, research suggests.	tech
Games 'deserve a place in class' Computer games could enhance learning and have a legitimate place in the classroom, say researchers.	tech
BT boosts its broadband packages British Telecom has said it will double the broadband speeds of most of its home and business customers.	tech
Losing yourself in online gaming Online role playing games are time-consuming, but enthralling flights from reality. But are some people taking their fantasy lives too seriously?	tech
Format wars could 'confuse users' Technology firms Sony, Philips, Matsushita and Samsung are developing a common way to stop people pirating digital music and video.	tech
Halo fans' hope for sequel Xbox video game Halo 2 has been released in the US on 9 November, with a UK release two days later. Why is the game among the most anticipated of all time?	tech
US duo in first spam conviction A brother and sister in the US have been convicted of sending hundreds of thousands of unsolicited e-mail messages to AOL subscribers.	tech
Confusion over high-definition TV Now that a critical mass of people have embraced digital TV, DVDs, and digital video recorders, the next revolution for TV is being prepared for our sets.	tech
Microsoft plans 'safer ID' system Microsoft is planning to make Windows and Internet Explorer more secure by including software to give people more control over personal information.	tech
Web photo storage market hots up An increasing number of firms are offering web storage for people with digital photo collections.	tech
Text messages aid disaster recovery Text messaging technology was a valuable communication tool in the aftermath of the tsunami disaster in Asia.	tech
Mobiles 'not media players yet' Mobiles are not yet ready to be all-singing, all-dancing multimedia devices which will replace portable media players, say two reports.	tech
Security warning over 'FBI virus' The US Federal Bureau of Investigation is warning that a computer virus is being spread via e-mails that purport to be from the FBI.	tech
Junk e-mails on relentless rise Spam traffic is up by 40%, putting the total amount of e-mail that is junk up to an astonishing 90%.	tech
Putting a face to 'Big Brother' Literally putting a face on technology could be one of the keys to improving our interaction with hi-tech gadgets.	tech
Blogs take on the mainstream Web logs or blogs are everywhere, with at least an estimated five million on the web and that number is set to grow.	tech
Humanoid robot learns how to run Car-maker Honda's humanoid robot Asimo has just got faster and smarter.	tech
US state acts to stop 'spammers' US state Texas has filed a lawsuit against two men believed to be among the world's top five spammers.	tech
Game makers get Xbox 2 sneak peek Microsoft has given game makers a glimpse of the new Xbox 2 console.	tech
New browser wins over net surfers The proportion of surfers using Microsoft's Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped to below 90%, say web analysts.	tech
Global digital divide 'narrowing' The "digital divide" between rich and poor nations is narrowing fast, according to a World Bank report.	tech
US top of supercomputing charts The US has pushed Japan off the top of the supercomputing chart with IBM's prototype Blue Gene/L machine.	tech
Yahoo moves into desktop search Internet giant Yahoo has launched software to allow people to search e-mail and other files on their PCs.	tech
Who do you think you are? The real danger is not what happens to your data as it crosses the net, argues analyst Bill Thompson. It is what happens when it arrives at the other end.	tech
Security warning over 'FBI virus' The US Federal Bureau of Investigation is warning that a computer virus is being spread via e-mails that purport to be from the FBI.	tech
Millions to miss out on the net By 2025, 40% of the UK's population will still be without internet access at home, says a study.	tech
Windows worm travels with Tetris Users are being warned about a Windows virus that poses as the hugely popular Tetris game.	tech
How to make a greener computer The hi-tech industry is starting to get more environmentally aware. Bill Thompson thinks it's about time.	tech
Doors open at biggest gadget fair Thousands of technology lovers and industry experts have gathered in Las Vegas for the annual Consumer Electronics Show (CES).	tech
Games firms 'face tough future' UK video game firms face a testing time as they prepare for the next round of games consoles, the industry warns.	tech
Dublin hi-tech labs to shut down Dublin's hi-tech research laboratory, Media Labs Europe, is to shut down.	tech
China 'ripe' for media explosion Asia is set to drive global media growth to 2008 and beyond, with China and India filling the two top spots, analysts have predicted.	tech
Game firm holds 'cast' auditions Video game firm Bioware is to hold open auditions for people to become cast members for future games.	tech
Robots learn 'robotiquette' rules Robots are learning lessons on "robotiquette" - how to behave socially - so they can mix better with humans.	tech
Set your television to wow Television started off as a magical blurry image. Then came the sharpness, the colour and the widescreen format. Now the TV set is taking another leap forward into a crystal clear future, although those in Europe will have to be patient.	tech
Cheaper chip for mobiles A mobile phone chip which combines a modem and a computer processor on one bit of silicon instead of two could make phones cheaper and more powerful.	tech
Gadget show heralds MP3 Christmas Partners of those who love their hi-tech gear may want to get their presents in early as experts predict a gadget shortage this Christmas.	tech
Savvy searchers fail to spot ads Internet search engine users are an odd mix of naive and sophisticated, suggests a report into search habits.	tech
US cyber security chief resigns The man making sure US computer networks are safe and secure has resigned after only a year in his post.	tech
'Ultimate game' award for Doom 3 Sci-fi shooter Doom 3 has blasted away the competition at a major games ceremony, the Golden Joystick awards.	tech
New delay hits EU software laws A fresh delay has hit controversial new European Union rules which govern computer-based inventions.	tech
Movie body hits peer-to-peer nets The movie industry has struck out at file-sharing networks with another round of lawsuits in the US.	tech
Sony PSP tipped as a 'must-have' Sony's Playstation Portable is the top UK gadget for 2005, according to a round-up of ultimate gizmos compiled by Stuff Magazine.	tech
Microsoft seeking spyware trojan Microsoft is investigating a trojan program that attempts to switch off the firm's anti-spyware software.	tech
Half of UK's mobiles 'go online' Multimedia mobile phones are finally showing signs of taking off, with more Britons using them to go online.	tech
Sony PSP handheld console hits US The latest handheld gaming gadget, Sony's PlayStation Portable, goes on sale in the US on Thursday.	tech
What price for 'trusted PC security'? You can now buy "trusted computers", but can we really trust the PC vendors, asks technology analyst Bill Thompson.	tech
Apple attacked over sources row Civil liberties group the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) has joined a legal fight between three US online journalists and Apple.	tech
Digital UK driven by net and TV The UK's adoption of digital TV and broadband has helped make it the fourth most digitally-savvy nation in Europe, according a report by Jupiter Research.	tech
Mobile audio enters new dimension As mobile phones move closer to being a ubiquitous, all-in-one media player, audio is becoming ever more important. But how good can that sound be from such a small device?	tech
Millions buy MP3 players in US One in 10 adult Americans - equivalent to 22 million people - owns an MP3 player, according to a survey.	tech
Solutions to net security fears Fake bank e-mails, or phishing, and stories about ID theft are damaging the potential of using the net for online commerce, say e-business experts.	tech
A decade of good website design The web looks very different today than it did 10 years ago.	tech
Virus poses as Christmas e-mail Security firms are warning about a Windows virus disguising itself as an electronic Christmas card.	tech
Britons fed up with net service A survey conducted by PC Pro Magazine has revealed that many Britons are unhappy with their internet service.	tech
EA to take on film and TV giants Video game giant Electronic Arts (EA) says it wants to become the biggest entertainment firm in the world.	tech
Peer-to-peer nets 'here to stay' Peer-to-peer (P2P) networks are here to stay, and are on the verge of being exploited by commercial media firms, says a panel of industry experts.	tech
Tough rules for ringtone sellers Firms that flout rules on how ringtones and other mobile extras are sold could be cut off from all UK phone networks.	tech
Broadband fuels online change Fast web access is encouraging more people to express themselves online, research suggests.	tech
Hitachi unveils 'fastest robot' Japanese electronics firm Hitachi has unveiled its first humanoid robot, called Emiew, to challenge Honda's Asimo and Sony's Qrio robots.	tech
Peer-to-peer nets 'here to stay' Peer-to-peer (P2P) networks are here to stay, and are on the verge of being exploited by commercial media firms, says a panel of industry experts.	tech
Global blogger action day called The global web blog community is being called into action to lend support to two imprisoned Iranian bloggers.	tech
How to smash a home computer An executive who froze his broken hard disk thinking it would be fixed has topped a list of the weirdest computer mishaps.	tech
Pompeii gets digital make-over The old-fashioned audio tour of historical places could soon be replaced with computer-generated images that bring the site to life.	tech
UK broadband gets speed injection Broadband's rapid rise continues apace as speeds gear up a notch.	tech
Mobile games come of age The BBC News website takes a look at how games on mobile phones are maturing. A brief round-up follows but you can skip straight to the reviews by clicking on the links below. Part two will follow on Monday.	tech
Rings of steel combat net attacks Gambling is hugely popular, especially with tech-savvy criminals.	tech
Players sought for $1m prize UK gamers are getting a chance to take part in a $1m tournament thanks to one of the country's top teams.	tech
Mobiles rack up 20 years of use Mobile phones in the UK are celebrating their 20th anniversary this weekend.	tech
Bush website blocked outside US Surfers outside the US have been unable to visit the official re-election site of President George W Bush.	tech
Gadget market 'to grow in 2005' The explosion in consumer technology is to continue into 2005, delegates at the world's largest gadget show, in Las Vegas, have been told.	tech
The Force is strong in Battlefront The warm reception that has greeted Star Wars: Battlefront is a reflection not of any ingenious innovation in its gameplay, but of its back-to-basics approach and immense nostalgia quotient.	tech
Mobile music challenges 'iPod age' Nokia and Microsoft have agreed a deal to work on delivery of music to handsets, while Sony Ericsson has unveiled its phone Walkman and Motorola is working on an iTunes phone.	tech
Consumer concern over RFID tags Consumers are very concerned about the use of radio frequency ID (RFID) tags in shops, a survey says.	tech
More power to the people says HP The digital revolution is focused on letting people tell and share their own stories, according to Carly Fiorina, chief of technology giant Hewlett Packard.	tech
Rich pickings for hi-tech thieves Viruses, trojans and other malicious programs sent on to the net to catch you out are undergoing a subtle change.	tech
Slimmer PlayStation triple sales Sony PlayStation 2's slimmer shape has proved popular with UK gamers, with 50,000 sold in its first week on sale.	tech
DS aims to touch gamers The mobile gaming industry is set to explode in 2005 with a number of high-profile devices offering a range of gaming and other features such as movie and music playback. Market leader Nintendo, however, is releasing a handheld console that it says will revolutionise the way games are played.	tech
T-Mobile bets on 'pocket office' T-Mobile has launched its latest "pocket office" third-generation (3G) device which also has built-in wi-fi - high-speed wireless net access.	tech
Search wars hit desktop PCs Another front in the on-going battle between Microsoft and Google is about to be opened.	tech
Software watching while you work Software that can not only monitor every keystroke and action performed at a PC but also be used as legally binding evidence of wrong-doing has been unveiled.	tech
US peer-to-peer pirates convicted The first convictions for piracy over peer-to-peer networks have been handed down in the US.	tech
Games maker fights for survival One of Britain's largest independent game makers, Argonaut Games, has been put up for sale.	tech
Millions to miss out on the net By 2025, 40% of the UK's population will still be without internet access at home, says a study.	tech
Rivals of the £400 Apple... The Mac mini is the cheapest Apple computer ever. But though it is cheap for a Mac how does it compare to PCs that cost about the same amount? Dot.life tries to find out if you can you get more for your money if you stick with the beige box.	tech
Anti-tremor mouse stops PC shakes A special adaptor that helps people with hand tremors control a computer mouse more easily has been developed.	tech
Virgin Radio offers 3G broadcast UK broadcaster Virgin Radio says it will become the first station in the world to offer radio via 3G mobiles.	tech
Millions buy MP3 players in US One in 10 adult Americans - equivalent to 22 million people - owns an MP3 player, according to a survey.	tech
Row brewing over peer-to-peer ads Music download networks are proving popular not just with an audience of youngsters keen to take advantage of free music but with advertisers equally keen to reach out to a captive audience.	tech
Bond game fails to shake or stir For gaming fans, the word GoldenEye evokes excited memories not only of the James Bond revival flick of 1995, but also the classic shoot-em-up that accompanied it and left N64 owners glued to their consoles for many an hour.	tech
Fast lifts rise into record books Two high-speed lifts at the world's tallest building have been officially recognised as the planet's fastest.	tech
What's next for next-gen consoles? The next generation of video games consoles are in development but what will the new machines mean for games firms and consumers? We may not know when they will be released, what they will be called or even what they will be able to do but one thing is certain - they are coming. Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo are all expected to release new machines in the next 18 months. The details of PlayStation 3, Xbox 2 (codename Xenon) and Nintendo's so-called Revolution are still to be finalised but developers are having to work on titles for the new machines regardless.	tech
Ask Jeeves joins web log market Ask Jeeves has bought the Bloglines website to improve the way it handles content from web journals or blogs.	tech
Search sites get closer to users Search sites want to get to know you better.	tech
Piero gives rugby perspective BBC Sport unveils its new analysis tool Piero at the Wales v England rugby union match on Saturday. But what does it do and how does it work?	tech
Savvy searchers fail to spot ads Internet search engine users are an odd mix of naive and sophisticated, suggests a report into search habits.	tech
Hacker threat to Apple's iTunes Users of Apple's music jukebox iTunes need to update the software to avoid a potential security threat.	tech
Screensaver tackles spam websites Net users are getting the chance to fight back against spam websites	tech
EU software patent law delayed Controversial new EU rules for the patenting of computer-based inventions have been put on hold due to a last minute intervention from Poland.	tech
Xbox 2 may be unveiled in summer Details of the next generation of Microsoft's Xbox games console - codenamed Xenon - will most likely be unveiled in May, according to reports.	tech
Tech helps disabled speed demons An organisation has been launched to encourage disabled people to get involved in all aspects of motorsport, which is now increasingly possible thanks to technological innovations.	tech
Reboot ordered for EU patent law A European Parliament committee has ordered a rewrite of the proposals for controversial new European Union rules which govern computer-based inventions.	tech
Gangsters dominate gaming chart Video games on consoles and computers proved more popular than ever in 2004.	tech
Net regulation 'still possible' The blurring of boundaries between TV and the internet raises questions of regulation, watchdog Ofcom has said.	tech
Computer grid to help the world Your computer can now help solve the world's most difficult health and social problems.	tech
Mobile networks seek turbo boost Third-generation mobile (3G) networks need to get faster if they are to deliver fast internet surfing on the move and exciting new services.	tech
TV's future down the phone line Internet TV has been talked about since the start of the web as we know it now.	tech
Gadget growth fuels eco concerns Technology firms and gadget lovers are being urged to think more about the environment when buying and disposing of the latest hi-tech products.	tech
Ban hits Half-Life 2 pirates hard About 20,000 people have been banned from playing the Half-Life 2 game.	tech
Warning over tsunami aid website Net users are being told to avoid a scam website that claims to collect cash on behalf of tsunami victims.	tech
Microsoft sets sights on spyware Windows users could soon be paying Microsoft to keep PCs free of spyware.	tech
Apple sues to stop product leaks Computer firm Apple has issued a lawsuit to prevent online leaks of information about future products.	tech
Call for action on internet scam Phone companies are not doing enough to warn customers about internet "rogue-dialling" scams, according to premium phone line regulator Icstis.	tech
Progress on new internet domains By early 2005 the net could have two new domain names.	tech
Broadband set to revolutionise TV BT is starting its push into television with plans to offer TV over broadband.	tech
PC photo printers challenge pros Home printed pictures can be cheaper and higher quality than those from High Street developers, tests shows.	tech
Hotspot users gain free net calls People using wireless net hotspots will soon be able to make free phone calls as well as surf the net.	tech
'Brainwave' cap controls computer A team of US researchers has shown that controlling devices with the brain is a step closer.	tech
First look at PlayStation 3 chip Some details of the chip inside Sony's PlayStation 3 have been revealed.	tech
Parents face video game lessons Ways of ensuring that parents know which video games are suitable for children are to be considered by the games industry.	tech
Moving mobile improves golf swing A mobile phone that recognises and responds to movements has been launched in Japan.	tech
US woman sues over ink cartridges A US woman is suing Hewlett Packard (HP), saying its printer ink cartridges are secretly programmed to expire on a certain date.	tech
2D Metal Slug offers retro fun Like some drill sergeant from the past, Metal Slug 3 is a wake-up call to today's gamers molly-coddled with slick visuals and fancy trimmings.	tech
Text message record smashed UK mobile owners continue to break records with their text messaging, with latest figures showing that 26 billion texts were sent in total in 2004.	tech
Nintendo DS aims to touch gamers The mobile gaming industry is set to explode in 2005 with a number of high-profile devices offering a range of gaming and other features such as movie and music playback. Market leader Nintendo, however, is releasing a handheld console that it says will revolutionise the way games are played.	tech
Doors open at biggest gadget fair Thousands of technology lovers and industry experts have gathered in Las Vegas for the annual Consumer Electronics Show (CES).	tech
Mobiles 'not media players yet' Mobiles are not yet ready to be all-singing, all-dancing multimedia devices which will replace portable media players, say two reports.	tech
Lasers help bridge network gaps An Indian telecommunications firm has turned to lasers to help it overcome the problems of setting up voice and data networks in the country.	tech
'Blog' picked as word of the year The term "blog" has been chosen as the top word of 2004 by a US dictionary publisher.	tech
Camera phones are 'must-haves' Four times more mobiles with cameras in them will be sold in Europe by the end of 2004 than last year, says a report from analysts Gartner.	tech
US hacker breaks into T-Mobile A man is facing charges of hacking into computers at the US arm of mobile phone firm T-Mobile.	tech
Be careful how you code A new European directive could put software writers at risk of legal action, warns former programmer and technology analyst Bill Thompson.	tech
'Friends fear' with lost mobiles People are becoming so dependent on their mobile phones that one in three are concerned that losing their phone would mean they lose their friends.	tech
Kenyan school turns to handhelds At the Mbita Point primary school in western Kenya students click away at a handheld computer with a stylus.	tech
Gamers could drive high-definition TV, films, and games have been gearing up for some time now for the next revolution to transform the quality of what is on our screens.	tech
Apple laptop is 'greatest gadget' The Apple Powerbook 100 has been chosen as the greatest gadget of all time, by US magazine Mobile PC.	tech
Google launches TV search service The net search giant Google has launched a search service that lets people look for TV programmes.	tech
Tough rules for ringtone sellers Firms that flout rules on how ringtones and other mobile extras are sold could be cut off from all UK phone networks.	tech
Court mulls file-sharing future Judges at the US Supreme Court have been hearing evidence for and against file-sharing networks.	tech
Software watching while you work Software that can not only monitor every keystroke and action performed at a PC but also be used as legally binding evidence of wrong-doing has been unveiled.	tech
Consumers 'snub portable video' Consumers want music rather than movies while on the move, says a report.	tech
Spam e-mails tempt net shoppers Computer users across the world continue to ignore security warnings about spam e-mails and are being lured into buying goods, a report suggests.	tech
Loyalty cards idea for TV addicts Viewers could soon be rewarded for watching TV as loyalty cards come to a screen near you.	tech
Warnings about junk mail deluge The amount of spam circulating online could be about to undergo a massive increase, say experts.	tech
'Brainwave' cap controls computer A team of US researchers has shown that controlling devices with the brain is a step closer.	tech
Supercomputer breaks speed record The US is poised to push Japan off the top of the supercomputing chart with IBM's prototype Blue Gene/L machine.	tech
Halo 2 sells five million copies Microsoft is celebrating bumper sales of its Xbox sci-fi shooter, Halo 2.	tech
Creator of first Apple Mac dies Jef Raskin, head of the team behind the first Macintosh computer, has died.	tech
Long life promised for laptop PCs Scientists are working on ways to ensure laptops can stay powered for an entire working day.	tech
Sony wares win innovation award Sony has taken the prize for top innovator at the annual awards of PC Pro Magazine.	tech
Finding new homes for old phones Re-using old mobile phones is not just good for the environment, it has social benefits too.	tech
US blogger fired by her airline A US airline attendant suspended over "inappropriate images" on her blog - web diary - says she has been fired.	tech
Mobiles double up as bus tickets Mobiles could soon double up as travel cards, with Nokia planning to try out a wireless ticket system on German buses.	tech
Chip maker backs net phone calls Rich Templeton, the head of giant chip maker Texas Instruments, has given his backing to the growing sector of Voice over Internet Telephony (Voip)	tech
PC ownership to 'double by 2010' The number of personal computers worldwide is expected to double by 2010 to 1.3 billion machines, according to a report by analysts Forrester Research.	tech
Internet boom for gift shopping Cyberspace is becoming a very popular destination for Christmas shoppers.	tech
Progress on new internet domains By early 2005 the net could have two new domain names.	tech
Warnings on woeful wi-fi security Companies are getting worse at keeping their wireless data networks secure.	tech
Gizmondo gadget hits the shelves The Gizmondo combined media player, phone and gaming gadget goes on sale on Saturday.	tech
Web logs aid disaster recovery Some of the most vivid descriptions of the devastation in southern Asia are on the internet - in the form of web logs or blogs.	tech
IBM puts cash behind Linux push IBM is spending $100m (£52m) over the next three years beefing up its commitment to Linux software.	tech
Seamen sail into biometric future The luxury cruise liner Crystal Harmony, currently in the Gulf of Mexico, is the unlikely setting for tests of biometric technology.	tech
Video phone help for deaf people Deaf people who prefer to communicate using British Sign Language (BSL) could soon be having their phone conversations relayed using webcams or videophones and an interpreter.	tech
Toxic web links help virus spread Virus writers have begun using the power of the web to spread their malicious wares.	tech
Mobile picture power in your pocket How many times have you wanted to have a camera to hand to catch an unexpected event that would make headlines?	tech
Microsoft debuts security tools Microsoft is releasing tools that clean up PCs harbouring viruses and spyware.	tech
Multi-purpose TV aids India Two-thirds of the world's population, 4 billion people, live on $2,000 a year or less.	tech
Microsoft releases patches Microsoft has warned PC users to update their systems with the latest security fixes for flaws in Windows programs.	tech
Net fingerprints combat attacks Eighty large net service firms have switched on software to spot and stop net attacks automatically.	tech
Yahoo celebrates a decade online Yahoo, one of the net's most iconic companies, is celebrating its 10th anniversary this week.	tech
Movie body targets children's PCs The body that represents the US movie industry has released its latest tool in its campaign to clamp down on movie file-sharing, aimed at parents.	tech
Britons growing 'digitally obese' Gadget lovers are so hungry for digital data many are carrying the equivalent of 10 trucks full of paper in "weight".	tech
Latest Opera browser gets vocal Net browser Opera 8.0, due for official release at the end of next month, will be "the most accessible browser on the market", according to its authors.	tech
Poles play with GameBoy 'blip-pop' A group of artists in Poland has taken the cacophony of blips, boops and beeps created as players bash buttons on Nintendo's handheld GameBoy console to a new level.	tech
Hi-tech posters guide commuters Interactive posters are helping Londoners get around the city during the festive season.	tech
'Evil twin' fear for wireless net People using wireless high-speed net (wi-fi) are being warned about fake hotspots, or access points.	tech
Games win for Blu-ray DVD format The next-generation DVD format Blu-ray is winning more supporters than its rival, according to its backers.	tech
Half-Life 2 sweeps Bafta awards PC first person shooter Half-Life 2 has won six Bafta Awards, including best game and best online game.	tech
T-Mobile bets on 'pocket office' T-Mobile has launched its latest "pocket office" third-generation (3G) device which also has built-in wi-fi - high-speed wireless net access.	tech
Anti-spam screensaver scrapped A contentious campaign to bump up the bandwidth bills of spammers by flooding their sites with data has been dropped.	tech
Microsoft gets the blogging bug Software giant Microsoft is taking the plunge into the world of blogging.	tech
Nuclear body seeks new tech The computer systems used to monitor the world's nuclear power installations are so outdated that they are hampering the work of inspectors.	tech
Virus poses as Christmas e-mail Security firms are warning about a Windows virus disguising itself as an electronic Christmas card.	tech
Intel unveils laser breakthrough Intel has said it has found a way to put a silicon-based laser on a chip, raising hopes of much faster networks.	tech
What high-definition will do to DVDs First it was the humble home video, then it was the DVD, and now Hollywood is preparing for the next revolution in home entertainment - high-definition.	tech
Mobile multimedia slow to catch on There is no doubt that mobile phones sporting cameras and colour screens are hugely popular. Consumers swapping old phones for slinkier, dinkier versions are thought to be responsible for a 26% increase in the number of phones sold during the third quarter of 2004, according to analysts Gartner More than 167 million handsets were sold between July and September 2004, a period that, according to Gartner analyst Carolina Milanesi is "seldom strong". But although consumers have mobiles that can take and send snaps, sounds and video clips few, so far, are taking the chance to do so.	tech
Microsoft releases bumper patches Microsoft has warned PC users to update their systems with the latest security fixes for flaws in Windows programs.	tech
Apple attacked over sources row Civil liberties group the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) has joined a legal fight between three US online journalists and Apple.	tech
Looks and music to drive mobiles Mobile phones are still enjoying a boom time in sales, according to research from technology analysts Gartner.	tech
Gadget show heralds MP3 season Partners of those who love their hi-tech gear may want to get their presents in early as experts predict a gadget shortage this Christmas.	tech
UK gets official virus alert site A rapid alerting service that tells home computer users about serious internet security problems is being launched by the UK government.	tech
Britons fed up with net service A survey conducted by PC Pro Magazine has revealed that many Britons are unhappy with their internet service.	tech
BT offers free net phone calls BT is offering customers free internet telephone calls if they sign up to broadband in December.	tech
Nintendo handheld given Euro date Nintendo's new handheld console, the DS, will launch in Europe on 11 March, the company has announced.	tech
Broadband steams ahead in the US More and more Americans are joining the internet's fast lane, according to official figures.	tech
No half measures with Half-Life 2 Could Half-Life 2 possibly live up to the hype? After almost two years of tantalising previews and infuriating delays it's safe to say that this is the most highly-anticipated computer game of all time.	tech
Intel unveils laser breakthrough Intel has unveiled research that could mean data is soon being moved around chips at the speed of light.	tech
California sets fines for spyware The makers of computer programs that secretly spy on what people do with their home PCs could face hefty fines in California.	tech
Sony PSP console hits US in March US gamers will be able to buy Sony's PlayStation Portable from 24 March, but there is no news of a Europe debut.	tech
Broadband in the UK growing fast High-speed net connections in the UK are proving more popular than ever.	tech
Apple unveils low-cost 'Mac mini' Apple has unveiled a new, low-cost Macintosh computer for the masses, billed as the Mac mini.	tech
Format wars could 'confuse users' Technology firms Sony, Philips, Matsushita and Samsung are developing a common way to stop people pirating digital music and video.	tech
Camera phones are 'must-haves' Four times more mobiles with cameras in them will be sold in Europe by the end of 2004 than last year, says a report from analysts Gartner.	tech
Xbox power cable 'fire fear' Microsoft has said it will replace more than 14 million power cables for its Xbox consoles due to safety concerns.	tech
PlayStation 3 chip to be unveiled Details of the chip designed to power Sony's PlayStation 3 console will be released in San Francisco on Monday.	tech
Apple iPod family expands market Apple has expanded its iPod family with the release of its next generation of the digital music players.	tech
Blinx sequel purrs nicely The original Blinx was intended to convert many platform game lovers to Microsoft's then new Xbox console.	tech
New consoles promise big problems Making games for future consoles will require more graphic artists and more money, an industry conference has been told.	tech
Why Cell will get the hard sell The world is casting its gaze on the Cell processor for the first time, but what is so important about it, and why is it so different?	tech
Robotic pods take on car design A new breed of wearable robotic vehicles that envelop drivers are being developed by Japanese car giant Toyota.	tech
Mobile multimedia slow to catch on There is no doubt that mobile phones sporting cameras and colour screens are hugely popular.	tech
Honour for UK games maker Leading British computer games maker Peter Molyneux has been made an OBE in the New Year Honours list.	tech
Apple makes blogs reveal sources Apple has won its legal fight to make three bloggers reveal who told them about unreleased products.	tech
Nintendo adds media playing to DS Nintendo is releasing an adapter for its DS handheld console so it can play music and video.	tech
Norway upholds 'Napster' ruling A Norwegian student who ran a website which linked to downloadable MP3 files has been ordered to pay compensation by the country's Supreme Court.	tech
Ink helps drive democracy in Asia The Kyrgyz Republic, a small, mountainous state of the former Soviet republic, is using invisible ink and ultraviolet readers in the country's elections as part of a drive to prevent multiple voting.	tech
BBC leads interactive Bafta wins The BBC and the National Theatre have led the field at this year's Interactive Bafta awards.	tech
Go-ahead for new internet names The internet could soon have two new domain names, aimed at mobile services and the jobs market.	tech
Microsoft debuts security tools Microsoft is releasing tools that clean up PCs harbouring viruses and spyware.	tech
New Year's texting breaks record A mobile phone was as essential to the recent New Year's festivities as a party mood and Auld Lang Syne, if the number of text messages sent is anything to go by.	tech
Wi-fi web reaches farmers in Peru A network of community computer centres, linked by wireless technology, is providing a helping hand for poor farmers in Peru.	tech
Google's toolbar sparks concern Search engine firm Google has released a trial tool which is concerning some net users because it directs people to pre-selected commercial websites.	tech
Media gadgets get moving Pocket-sized devices that let people carry around video and images are set to have a big year in 2005, according to industry experts.	tech
Latest Opera browser gets vocal Net browser Opera 8.0, due for official release at the end of next month, will be "the most accessible browser on the market", according to its authors.	tech
Ultra fast wi-fi nears completion Ultra high speed wi-fi connections moved closer to reality on Thursday when Intel said it would list standards for the technology later this year.	tech
Halo 2 heralds traffic explosion The growing popularity of online gaming could spell problems for net service firms, warns network monitoring company Sandvine.	tech
BBC web search aids odd queries The BBC's online search engine was used a record amount in 2004, helping with enquires both simple and strange.	tech
US woman sues over cartridges A US woman is suing Hewlett Packard (HP), saying its printer ink cartridges are secretly programmed to expire on a certain date.	tech
Broadband soars in 2004 If broadband were a jumbo jet, then 2003 would have seen it taxiing down the runway, firing up its engines and preparing for take-off. But this year has seen it soar.	tech
Iran jails blogger for 14 years An Iranian weblogger has been jailed for 14 years on charges of spying and aiding foreign counter-revolutionaries.	tech
EU software patent law faces axe The European Parliament has thrown out a bill that would have allowed software to be patented.	tech
Dozens held over ID fraud site Twenty-eight people, including a Briton, have been arrested after a global operation against a website allegedly involved in identity fraud.	tech
Firefox browser takes on Microsoft Microsoft's Internet Explorer has a serious rival in the long-awaited Firefox 1.0 web browser, which has just been released.	tech
ITunes user sues Apple over iPod A user of Apple's iTunes music service is suing the firm saying it is unfair he can only use an iPod to play songs.	tech
Looks and music to drive mobiles Mobile phones are still enjoying a boom time in sales, according to research from technology analysts Gartner.	tech
Games win for Blu-ray DVD format The next-generation DVD format Blu-ray is winning more supporters than its rival, according to its backers.	tech
Sporting rivals go to extra time The current slew of sports games offers unparalleled opportunities for fans who like to emulate on-field action without ever moving from the couch.	tech
Microsoft makes anti-piracy move Microsoft says it is clamping down on people running pirated versions of its Windows operating system by restricting their access to security features.	tech
Anti-spam laws bite spammer hard The net's self-declared spam king is seeking bankruptcy protection.	tech
Open source leaders slam patents The war of words between Microsoft and the open source movement heated up this week as Linux founder Linus Torvalds led an attack on software patents.	tech
Bad e-mail habits sustains spam The 'bad behaviour' of e-mail users is helping to sustain the spam industry, a new study has found.	tech
Cebit fever takes over Hanover Thousands of products and tens of thousands of visitors make Cebit the place to be for technology lovers.	tech
Gamers snap up new Sony PSP Gamers have bought almost all of the first batch of Sony's new PlayStation Portable (PSP) games console, which went on sale in Japan on Sunday.	tech
Smart search lets art fans browse If you don't know art but know what you like, new search technology could prove a useful gateway to painting.	tech
Concerns over Windows ATMs Cash machine networks could soon be more susceptible to computer viruses, a security firm has warned.	tech
Microsoft makes anti-piracy move Microsoft says it is clamping down on people running pirated versions of its Windows operating system by restricting their access to security features.	tech
Remote control rifle range debuts Soon you could go hunting via the net.	tech
Gritty return for Prince of Persia Still basking in the relatively recent glory of last year's Sands Of Time, the dashing Prince of Persia is back in Warrior Within, and in a more bellicose mood than last time.	tech
UK net users leading TV downloads British TV viewers lead the trend of illegally downloading US shows from the net, according to research.	tech
File-swappers ready new network Legal attacks on websites that help people swap pirated films have forced the development of a system that could be harder to shut down.	tech
US peer-to-peer pirates convicted The first convictions for piracy over peer-to-peer networks have been handed down in the US.	tech
Portable PlayStation ready to go Sony's PlayStation Portable (PSP) will go on sale in Japan on 12 December.	tech
Lifestyle 'governs mobile choice' Faster, better or funkier hardware alone is not going to help phone firms sell more handsets, research suggests.	tech
Musicians 'upbeat' about the net Musicians are embracing the internet as a way of reaching new fans and selling more music, a survey has found.	tech
Games enter the classroom Video games could soon be transplanted from their natural habitat to the more academic atmosphere of the classroom.	tech
Telewest to challenge Sky Plus Cable firm Telewest is to offer a personal video recorder (PVR) in a set -top box to challenge Sky Plus.	tech
Sony PSP console hits US in March US gamers will be able to buy Sony's PlayStation Portable from 24 March, but there is no news of a Europe debut.	tech
Slim PlayStation triples sales Sony PlayStation 2's slimmer shape has proved popular with UK gamers, with 50,000 sold in its first week on sale.	tech
What high-definition will do to DVDs First it was the humble home video, then it was the DVD, and now Hollywood is preparing for the next revolution in home entertainment - high-definition.	tech
BT program to beat dialler scams BT is introducing two initiatives to help beat rogue dialler scams, which can cost dial-up net users thousands.	tech
Ask Jeeves joins web log market Ask Jeeves has bought the Bloglines website to improve the way it handles content from web journals or blogs.	tech
Joke e-mail virus tricks users A virus that disguises itself as a joke is spreading rapidly across the net.	tech
Domain system scam fear A system to make it easier to create website addresses using alphabets like Cyrillic could open a back door for scammers, a trade body has warned.	tech
Cyber criminals step up the pace So-called phishing attacks that try to trick people into handing over confidential details have boomed in 2004, say security experts.	tech
IBM puts cash behind Linux push IBM is spending $100m (£52m) over the next three years beefing up its commitment to Linux software.	tech
Microsoft takes on desktop search Microsoft has entered the desktop search fray, releasing a test version of its tool to find documents, e-mails and other files on a PC hard drive.	tech
World tour for top video gamers Two UK gamers are about to embark on a world tour as part of the most lucrative-ever global games tournament.	tech
Blind student 'hears in colour' A blind student has developed software that turns colours into musical notes so that he can read weather maps.	tech
'No re-draft' for EU patent law A proposed European law on software patents will not be re-drafted by the European Commission (EC) despite requests by MEPs.	tech
Swap offer for pirated Windows XP Computer giant Microsoft has launched a pilot scheme to replace counterfeit versions of Windows XP with legal ones.	tech
Online commons to spark debate Online communities set up by the UK government could encourage public debate and build trust, says the Institute of Public Policy Research (IPPR).	tech
Rolling out next generation's net The body that oversees how the net works, grows and evolves says it has coped well with its growth in the last 10 years, but it is just the start.	tech
Web radio takes Spanish rap global Spin the radio dial in the US and you are likely to find plenty of Spanish-language music. But what you will not find is much Spanish-language hip-hop.	tech
'Podcasters' look to net money Nasa is doing it, 14-year-old boys in bedrooms are doing it, couples are doing it, gadget lovers - male and female - are definitely doing it.	tech
Hollywood to sue net film pirates The US movie industry has launched legal action to sue people who facilitate illegal film downloading.	tech
More power to the people says HP The digital revolution is focused on letting people tell and share their own stories, according to Carly Fiorina, chief of technology giant Hewlett Packard.	tech
Gates opens biggest gadget fair Bill Gates has opened the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, saying that gadgets are working together more to help people manage multimedia content around the home and on the move.	tech
Cyber crime booms in 2004 The last 12 months have seen a dramatic growth in almost every security threat that plague Windows PCs.	tech
Casual gaming to 'take off' Games aimed at "casual players" are set to be even bigger in 2005, according to industry experts.	tech
Domain system opens door to scams A system to make it easier to create website addresses using alphabets like Cyrillic could open a back door for scammers, a trade body has warned.	tech
Nintendo DS makes its Euro debut Nintendo's DS handheld game console has officially gone on sale in Europe.	tech
Gamer buys $26,500 virtual land A 22-year-old gamer has spent $26,500 (£13,700) on an island that exists only in a computer role-playing game (RPG).	tech
Apple iPod family expands market Apple has expanded its iPod family with the release of its next generation of the digital music players.	tech
Home phones face unclear future The fixed line phone in your home could soon be an endangered species.	tech
Hollywood campaign hits websites Movie studio efforts to stop pirated films being shared on peer-to-peer networks have claimed a high-profile victim.	tech
Podcasts mark rise of DIY radio An Apple iPod or other digital music players can hold anything up to 10,000 songs, which is a lot of space to fill.	tech
Freeze on anti-spam campaign A campaign by Lycos Europe to target spam-related websites appears to have been put on hold.	tech
Santy worm makes unwelcome visit Thousands of website bulletin boards have been defaced by a virus that used Google to spread across the net.	tech
Sun offers processing by the hour Sun Microsystems has launched a pay-as-you-go service which will allow customers requiring huge computing power to rent it by the hour.	tech
Learning to love broadband We are reaching the point where broadband is a central part of daily life, at least for some, argues technology analyst Bill Thompson.	tech
Apple Mac mini gets warm welcome The Mac mini has been welcomed by Apple fans, industry experts and PC users.	tech
Football Manager scores big time For the past decade or so the virtual football fans among us will have become used to the annual helping of Championship Manager (CM). Indeed, it seems like there has been a CM game for as many years as there have been PCs.	tech
Smartphones suffer Skulls attack Owners of some Nokia smartphones are being warned to watch out for malicious wallpaper.	tech
Fast moving phone bugs appear Security firms are warning about several mobile phone viruses that can spread much faster than similar bugs.	tech
Rings of steel combat net attacks Gambling is hugely popular, especially with tech-savvy criminals.	tech
Gadget market 'to grow in 2005' The explosion in consumer technology is to continue into 2005, delegates at the world's largest gadget show, in Las Vegas, have been told.	tech
Seamen sail into biometric future The luxury cruise liner Crystal Harmony, currently in the Gulf of Mexico, is the unlikely setting for tests of biometric technology.	tech
Warning over tsunami aid website Net users are being told to avoid a scam website that claims to collect cash on behalf of tsunami victims.	tech
Napster offers rented music to go Music downloading, for those that have rejected the free peer to peer services, can be a costly business.	tech
When invention turns to innovation It is unlikely that future technological inventions are going to have the same kind of transformative impact that they did in the past.	tech
Apple sues 'Tiger' file sharers Apple has taken more legal action to stop online leaks of its new products.	tech
Mobile networks seek turbo boost Third-generation mobile (3G) networks need to get faster if they are to deliver fast internet surfing on the move and exciting new services.	tech
'No re-draft' for EU patent law A proposed European law on software patents will not be re-drafted by the European Commission (EC) despite requests by MEPs.	tech
Disney backs Sony DVD technology A next generation DVD technology backed by Sony has received a major boost.	tech
Blogger grounded by her airline A US airline attendant is fighting for her job after she was suspended over postings on her blog, or online diary.	tech
Broadband fuels online expression Fast web access is encouraging more people to express themselves online, research suggests.	tech
Souped-up wi-fi is on the horizon Super high-speed wireless data networks could soon be in use in the UK.	tech
Voters flock to blog awards site Voting is under way for the annual Bloggies which recognise the best web blogs - online spaces where people publish their thoughts - of the year.	tech
DVD copy protection strengthened DVDs will be harder to copy thanks to new anti-piracy measures devised by copy protection firm Macrovision.	tech
Speak easy plan for media players Music and film fans will be able to control their digital media players just by speaking to them, under plans in development by two US firms.	tech
British Library gets wireless net Visitors to the British Library will be able to get wireless internet access alongside the extensive information available in its famous reading rooms.	tech
Have hackers recruited your PC? More than one million computers on the net have been hijacked to attack websites and pump out spam and viruses.	tech
IBM frees 500 software patents Computer giant IBM says 500 of its software patents will be released into the open development community.	tech
Mobile gaming takes off in India Gaming on the move is one of the fastest-growing activities among the tech-savvy in India, says a report.	tech
Mobiles rack up 20 years of use Mobile phones in the UK are celebrating their 20th anniversary this weekend.	tech
